About the job
IMPORTANT NOTE: WE WILL NOT SPONSOR ANY HIRE FOR THIS POSITION. FOR AN H-1B VISA OR PERMANENT RESIDENCE.

THIS IS AN INOFFICE POSITION LOCATED IN PLANTATION, FLORIDA. HYBRID OR REMOTE ARE NOT AVAILABLE.

NO OUT OF AREA RESUMES PLEASE.

Why not apply your GIS and Location Analysis experience to a new and upcoming national law firm? Would you like to offer your insight and provide recommendations utilizing cutting edge technology and data? We are looking for a Marketing Research Analyst to discover patterns and trends by collecting and examining data to help law firms make better decisions about marketing efforts. As the Marketing Research Analyst, you will influence strategic decisions by using spatial analytics, geographic enrichment of business data and analyze consumer data to determine ideal locations and identify trends and opportunities.

The firm offers a workplace where everyone feels welcomed. You will find a collaborative and enthusiastic team whose focus is to provide their clients with world-class legal services. Join our team and be part of an innovative and dynamic environment where you can make a meaningful impact.

Responsibilities

Use geographic information systems (GIS) technology, like Maptitude, to study various types of consumer demographic and geographical data
Perform quantitative and qualitative research into consumers and competitors
Analyze data from numerous sources to identify market trends and consumer demographics
Review and interpret large data sets and organize them into spreadsheets, charts, and graphs
Provide data driven business insights and recommendations (including development of interactive dashboards and leadership reporting)
Stay up to date on market trends, consumer and product research, and industry best practices
Perform valid and reliable market research 
Utilize online market research and catalog findings to databases
Interpret data, formulate reports, and make recommendations

Qualifications 

Bachelor’s degree
1+ year in an analytical role specializing in data manipulation, interpretation, report writing, and data insight summarization/reporting
1-year analytical experience:
Using a Geographic Information System (GIS) specializing in demographic analyses (i.e. Maptitude); OR
Writing R code or similar functionality within other statistical tools; OR
For recent college graduates, these requirements can be satisfied by relevant coursework
Exceptional knowledge of CRMs, statistical applications, and databases is a plus
Possess search engines, web analytics, and business research tools acumen
Previous experience in marketing, computer research or other related fields
Familiarity with quantitative and qualitative data collection
Strong analytical and critical thinking skills
Effective communication and presentation skills
Extremely organized with an excellent attention to detail
Benefits

Generous amounts of time away from work to promote a healthy work-life balance. We offer paid vacation to all full-time employees in addition to observing 10 holidays annually.
A substantial benefit package for health insurance including Medical, Dental, Vision and Life insurance at no charge for the employee and make it available for your dependents to enroll for coverage.