About the job
Job Description

What We Do

At Goldman Sachs, our Engineers don’t just make things – we make things possible. Change the world by connecting people and capital with ideas. Solve the most challenging and pressing engineering problems for our clients. Join our engineering teams that build massively scalable software and systems, architect low latency infrastructure solutions, proactively guard against cyber threats, and leverage machine learning alongside financial engineering to continuously turn data into action. Create new businesses, transform finance, and explore a world of opportunity at the speed of markets.

Engineering, which is comprised of core and business-aligned teams, is at the critical center of our business, and our dynamic environment requires innovative strategic thinking and immediate, real solutions. Want to push the limit of digital possibilities? Start here.

About Data Engineering

Data plays a critical role in every facet of the Goldman Sachs business. The Data Engineering group is at the core of that offering, focusing on providing the platform, processes, and governance, for enabling the availability of clean, organized, and impactful data to scale, streamline, and empower our core businesses.

Within Data Engineering, the Market Data Engineering manages the sourcing and distribution of market data required for the firm to operate. The team operates low-latency, high-capacity infrastructure to ensure data is delivered where it is needed, when it is needed.

Your Impact

You will help develop ChunkStore, a database engine for real-time market data. With capture rates of over 1Tb per day, and data stores containing over 1Pb, this requires highly efficient, scalable software. We are looking for a developer with strong technical skills, who would like innovate using the latest ideas in distributed computing to drive the platform forwards.

Responsibilities

The database is used by trading desks and other users for the recording and analysis of market data. We work closely with these users to meet their needs in terms of timely data access and processing. To meet these needs you will be responsible for:

Low-level database engine development
Developing higher-level tools and integration with a wide range of technologies
Delivering first-class operational and user support

We are a key part of GS’s financial cloud strategy. We are actively developing this database in AWS for use by both internal and external clients. See https://developer.gs.com/discover/data .

Basic Qualifications

Skills and Experience We’re Looking For

1 - 5 years’ experience developing high-performance software in C++ or Java
A strong desire to produce organized, readable and maintainable software 
Effective communicator in both written and verbal mediums 
Proven problem solving ability with critical and creative thinking
Ability to balance multiple, time-sensitive projects while maintaining a longer term, strategic focus 

Preferred Qualifications

Knowledge of Java, Python, Javascript, SQL/No-SQL databases, Docker, Kubernetes
Strong Linux knowledge
Experience with AWS, terraform, or CDK.
A passion for taking ownership of a software stack and developing it to its full potential
Prior experience working on electronic trading systems, data feeds or database engines