About the job
Overview

Looking for a career with purpose and reward? At LoanCare we help customers every day with what is for many their largest and most personal financial transaction: the purchase of their home. With the mission to simplify the complex with empathy and insight, we are constantly innovating and are a top provider in the mortgage services industry as a result.

We are actively seeking to fill the role of Transfer Data Analyst II. Our ideal candidate enjoys working with clients, both internal and external, eager to learn and maximize results, is detail oriented and driven to meet tight deadlines in a fast-paced environment. Background in the mortgage or real estate industry is a plus. If this sounds like you, and you are ready for a career and not just your next job, apply today!

Responsibilities

 Facilitate servicing transfer data conversions from external parties to LoanCare, including data mapping, trial events, testing and final transfer activities.
 Lead and participate in data mapping activities for assigned servicing transfers to in-house loan boarding application, including coordination with client, current servicer and LoanCare subject matter experts to ensure efficient and accurate loan boarding.
 Maintain open items from data mapping and testing processes and ensure all are resolved prior


to Go/No Go decision

 Act as primary point of contact for clients and current servicers (or other 3rd parties) regarding data transfer
 Complete final transfer testing and balancing, issue balancing letter and facilitate loan boarding
 Facilitate and participate in meetings, coordinating with clients and servicers, assisting with transfer plans, and ensuring tasks are completed
 Work with clients and servicers to update and modify data files and/or data corrections prior to final loan boarding to ensure data integrity
 Maintain and improve knowledge of LoanCare mortgage products, line of business requirements and related field content/definitions in the servicing platform to facilitate servicing transfers effectively
 Perform pre and post transfer testing utilizing exception reports from LLB and those received from the current servicer
 Assist Transfer Data Analyst III with mapping merge bulk transfers with BKFS and the prior servicer; help close open items, meet deadlines, and complete assigned tasks to execute transfers successfully
 Conduct manual loan transfers using data files, reports, and images provided by the client and/or current servicer as needed
 Ensure data delivery guidelines are set and clearly communicated to client and current servicer
 Ensure exception reports, ad-hoc reports, and scrub reports are reviewed daily for assigned transfers
 Provide reports and assist with updating/developing reports as needed
 Ensure post-boarding data boarding/processing items are addressed and resolved promptly
 Assist leadership in training new department team members
 All other duties as assigned.


Qualifications

 High School Diploma or equivalent required
 3+ years of experience in data analytics and/or mortgage servicing
 Experience in servicing transfers and LoanSphere Loanboarding preferred
 Excellent proficiency in Microsoft Office applications (e.g., Excel, Access, and Word) required
 Excellent verbal and written communications skills
 Excellent client relations skills
 Excellent problem-solving and analytical skills
 Ability to work under pressure, meet organizational deadlines, and multitask while maintaining department standards
 Ability to work collaboratively with peers, company managers, and customers to attain common goals
 Ability to work independently with minimal direction and effectively meet deadlines
 Ability to communicate professionally/effectively in writing, in person, and virtually with all levels within the organization and external clients/third parties


About Remote Employment

LoanCare provides virtual training and support so employees working from home can be successful. You will never be alone on your journey as you will connect through Teams video chat, so that you remain engaged and form relationships with your leadership team and coworkers. We offer online/remote training, which is both dynamic and interactive, so you get the most out of the training opportunities. Our Training department also offers a large number of free on-demand online training courses that you can take to help you grow and expand your skills and knowledge.

As an added benefit for remote employees, we offer exciting engagement opportunities, such as fitness classes, contests, and fun seminars/learning activities that you can participate in from the comfort of your own home.

We provide all of the necessary equipment; all you need to provide is a quiet, private place in your home and a high-speed internet connection with a minimum network download speed of 25 megabits per second (mbps) and a minimum network upload speed of 10 mbps. Remote employees will be required to sign a Telecommuting Agreement in addition to the job description.

Who We Are

LoanCare is a top national provider in mortgage loan subservicing. The Company has been servicing loans for over 30 years and are known for superior customer support and digital innovation. Over $300 billion in asset value is managed by the team. LoanCare is part of Fidelity National Financial (NYSE: FNF), a leading provider of title insurance and transaction services to the real estate and mortgage industries.

Essential Functions

Basic job duties an employee must be able to perform with, or without, reasonable accommodation.

Critical Thinking — Using logic and reasoning to identify the strengths and weaknesses of alternative solutions, conclusions or approaches to problems.

Reading Comprehension — Understanding written sentences and paragraphs in work related documents.

English Language — Knowledge of the structure and content of the English language including the meaning and spelling of words, rules of composition, and grammar.

Speaking — Talking to others to convey information effectively.

Active Learning — Understanding the implications of new information for both current and future problem-solving and decision-making.

Active Listening — Giving full attention to what other people is saying, taking time to understand the points being made, asking questions as appropriate, and not interrupting at inappropriate times.

Instructing — Teaching Others How To Do Something.

Judgment and Decision Making — Considering the relative costs and benefits of potential actions to choose the most appropriate one.

Time Management — Managing one's own time and the time of others.

Writing — Communicating effectively in writing as appropriate for the needs of the audience.

Complex Problem Solving — Identifying complex problems and reviewing related information to develop and evaluate options and implement solutions.

Deductive Reasoning — The ability to apply general rules to specific problems to produce answers that make sense.

Problem Sensitivity — The ability to tell when something is wrong or is likely to go wrong. It does not involve solving the problem, only recognizing there is a problem.

Written Comprehension — The ability to read and understand information and ideas presented in writing.

Inductive Reasoning — The ability to combine pieces of information to form general rules or conclusions (includes finding a relationship among seemingly unrelated events).

Information Ordering — The ability to arrange things or actions in a certain order or pattern according to a specific rule or set of rules (e.g., patterns of numbers, letters, words, pictures, mathematical operations).

Near Vision — The ability to see details at close range (within a few feet of the observer).

Oral Comprehension — The ability to listen to and understand information and ideas presented through spoken words and sentences.

Oral Expression — The ability to communicate information and ideas in speaking so others will understand.

Speech Recognition — The ability to identify and understand the speech of another person.

Speech Clarity — The ability to speak clearly so others can understand you.

WORK CONDITIONS

Working conditions are normal for an office environment. Ability to attend work and be productive during normal business hours and to work early, late, or weekend hours as needed for successful job performance. Overtime required as necessary. Essential functions are the basic job duties that an employee must be able to perform, with or without reasonable accommodation.

PHYSICAL DEMANDS

 Sitting up to 90% of time
 Walking and standing up to 10% of time
 Occasional lifting, stooping, kneeling, crouching, and reaching.


EQUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY

LoanCare, its affiliates and subsidiaries, is an Equal Opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, disability, protected veteran status, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression (including transgender status), genetic information or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.