About the job
About Lyra Health
Lyra is transforming mental health care through technology with a human touch to help people feel emotionally healthy at work and at home. We work with industry leaders, such as Morgan Stanley, Uber, Amgen, and other Fortune 500 companies, to improve access to effective, high-quality mental health care for their employees and their families. With our innovative digital care platform and global provider network, 10 million people can receive the best care and feel better, faster. Founded by David Ebersman, former CFO of Facebook and Genentech, Lyra has raised more than $900 million.

About The Role
At Lyra we believe that data-driven technology and decision making is a critical part of solving complex challenges of provider quality and accessibility that are critical to providing high quality care to users. We are looking for an experienced AI/ML Infrastructure Engineer who cares about impact, ownership, cross-functional projects, and mentorship.

Lyra is for you if you:


Want to work with brilliant people solving hard problems
Have a passion for social impact and helping people when they are most vulnerable
Like to collaborate across teams with engineers, data scientists, and product managers




In this role, you will:


Be part of a team working on building out scalable infrastructure to train, evaluate, deploy, perform inference and monitor our ML models
Build, deploy and maintain generative AI services & applications 
Create data systems to collect, clean, label and store data used for model features
Deploy and manage various applications in our Kubernetes clusters
Collaborate with Machine Learning engineers to build & support state of the art experimentation platforms, training frameworks and associated tools
Work with stakeholders on requirements and solutions for ML infrastructure
And of course, you will be coding every day!




We are looking for someone with:


5+ years of industry experience building production level ML platforms and infrastructure, including experience building ML systems/pipelines from the ground-up
Ability to write high-quality code in Python, Java or Scala
Experience building production ready RESTful APIs, as well as having scaled platforms in production to a large number of users
A desire to own large parts of an ML Platform, with a strong understanding of ML models & principles
Experience working with containers and deploying applications to Kubernetes
Experience with LLMs and building infrastructure to support LLM applications
Experience with relational and low-latency databases
Experience with transforming data in both batch and streaming contexts
A desire to learn new technologies quickly, and a proven track record of making quality vs. deadline tradeoffs in fast-paced environments
Ability to scope out a large project and manage it through project delivery 
Strong communication skills and ability to generate consensus and buy-in within the team
Organizational skills and the ability to simplify complex problems and prioritize what matters most for the sake of the team and the business




Nice to haves:


Experience working with highly sensitive data in a healthcare environment
Experience working with ML frameworks such as Pytorch, SciKit-learn, XGboost
Experience working with ML Ops tools such as MLFlow, Kubeflow, AWS Sagemaker
Experience building solutions on cloud infrastructure, particularly AWS




We are an Equal Opportunity Employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy), national origin, age, disability, genetic information or any other category protected by law.

By applying for this position, your data will be processed as per Lyra Health Workforce Privacy Notice. Through this application, we will collect personal information from you including your name, email address, gender identity, employment information, and phone number for the purposes of recruiting and assessing suitability, aptitude, skills, qualifications, and interests for employment with Lyra. We may also collect information about your race, ethnicity, and sexual orientation, which is considered sensitive personal information under the California Privacy Rights Act (CPRA). Providing this information is optional and completely voluntary. If you are a California resident and would like to limit how we use this information, please use the Limit the Use of My Sensitive Personal Information form. This information will only be retained for as long as needed to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected, as described above. Please note that Lyra does not “sell” or “share” personal information as defined by the CPRA. For more information about how we use and retain your information, please see our Workforce Privacy Notice.

As a full-time Sr. AI/ML Infrastructure Engineer, you will be employed by Lyra Health, Inc. The anticipated annual base salary range for this full-time position is $159,000 - $219,000. The base range is determined by role and level, and placement within the range will depend on a number of job-related factors, including but not limited to your skills, qualifications, experience and location. This role may also be eligible for discretionary bonuses. Annual salary is only one part of an employee’s total compensation package at Lyra. We also offer generous benefits that include: -Comprehensive healthcare coverage (including medical, dental, vision, FSA/HSA, life and disability insurances) -Lyra for Lyrians; coaching and therapy services -Equity in the company through discretionary restricted stock units -Competitive time off with pay policies including vacation, sick days, and company holidays -Paid parental leave -401K retirement benefits -Monthly tech allowance We like to spread joy throughout the year with well-being perks and activities, surprise swag, regular community celebration…and more!