About the job
Job Description

Join us as we embark on a journey of collaboration and innovation, where your unique skills and talents will be valued and celebrated. Together we will create a brighter future and make a meaningful difference.

As a Lead Data Engineer DBA at JPMorgan Chase within the Trust and Safety Technology team, you are an integral part of an agile team that works to enhance, build, and deliver data collection, storage, access, and analytics solutions in a secure, stable, and scalable way. As a core technical contributor, you are responsible for maintaining critical data pipelines and architectures across multiple technical areas within various business functions in support of the firm’s business objectives.

Job Responsibilities

Delivers data collection, storage, access, and analytics data platform solutions in a secure, stable, and scalable way
Execute creative solutions, design, development, and troubleshooting with ability to think beyond routine or conventional approaches to build innovative solutions or break down technical problems
Performs Database diagnostics to analyze and optimize schemas, data tables, structures, stored procedures etc. with appropriate capacity monitoring. Proactively identify hidden problems and patterns in data and use insights to drive efficiency, resiliency, and stability.
Contributes to engineering communities of practice and events to drive awareness, usage, and exploration of leading-edge and emerging technologies
Implements database back-up, recovery, and archiving strategy 
Leads evaluation sessions with external vendors, startups, and internal teams to drive outcomes-oriented probing of architectural designs, technical credentials, and applicability for use within existing systems and information architecture
Collaborates with technical and product teams to identify opportunities to eliminate recurring issues to improve overall operational stability of applications and systems
Evaluates and reports on access control processes to determine effectiveness of data asset security with minimal supervision
Adds to team culture of diversity, equity, inclusion, and respect
Generates data models for their team using firmwide tooling, linear algebra, statistics, and geometrical algorithms

Required Qualifications, Capabilities, And Skills

Formal training or certification on relational database concepts and 5+ years applied experience
Demonstrated experience with scaling, maintenance and stability principles for Cassandra NoSQL database 
Working experience with both relational and NoSQL databases 
Experience and proficiency across the data lifecycle
Experience with database back-up, recovery, and archiving strategy
Proficient knowledge of linear algebra, statistics, and geometrical algorithms

Preferred Qualifications, Capabilities, And Skills

Experience with Database implementation, configuration, & troubleshooting
Experience with Agile development methodologies, processes, and procedures
Practical cloud experience in AWS Cloud services and native data technologies
Banking and payments domain background
Experience with Cassandra, AWS Aurora/Postgres or other AWS database migrations
ability to achieve challenging goals and drive innovation within a high performance organization

ABOUT US

JPMorgan Chase & Co., one of the oldest financial institutions, offers innovative financial solutions to millions of consumers, small businesses and many of the world’s most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients under the J.P. Morgan and Chase brands. Our history spans over 200 years and today we are a leader in investment banking, consumer and small business banking, commercial banking, financial transaction processing and asset management.

We offer a competitive total rewards package including base salary determined based on the role, experience, skill set, and location. For those in eligible roles, we offer discretionary incentive compensation which may be awarded in recognition of firm performance and individual achievements and contributions. We also offer a range of benefits and programs to meet employee needs, based on eligibility. These benefits include comprehensive health care coverage, on-site health and wellness centers, a retirement savings plan, backup childcare, tuition reimbursement, mental health support, financial coaching and more. Additional details about total compensation and benefits will be provided during the hiring process.

We recognize that our people are our strength and the diverse talents they bring to our global workforce are directly linked to our success. We are an equal opportunity employer and place a high value on diversity and inclusion at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of any protected attribute, including race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital or veteran status, pregnancy or disability, or any other basis protected under applicable law. We also make reasonable accommodations for applicants’ and employees’ religious practices and beliefs, as well as mental health or physical disability needs. Visit our FAQs for more information about requesting an accommodation.

JPMorgan Chase is an Equal Opportunity Employer, including Disability/Veterans

About The Team

The Corporate & Investment Bank is a global leader across investment banking, wholesale payments, markets and securities services. The world’s most important corporations, governments and institutions entrust us with their business in more than 100 countries. We provide strategic advice, raise capital, manage risk and extend liquidity in markets around the world.