About the job
Requirements

 Description and Requirements 

 Role Value Proposition 

The Data Analytics Consultantwill be responsible for ongoing analysis of client, policy, exposure, and loss information, obtained from a variety of different sources. It involves development and preparation of information and reports for management, associates, and other custom-built applications.

In Underwriting Analytics, we strive to attract, develop and retain diverse talent with the potential to be future leaders of our department and of MetLife as a whole. We seek Data Analytics and Business Intelligence professionals who demonstrate high intellectual capacity to understand complex matters facing our company, combined with strong leadership competenciesto motivate and inspire higher performance by all our professionals. We take an active role in developing the skills of our talent and guiding their professional growth. By promoting skill development and career advancement for our professionals we are better positioned to serve our internal business partners and to help achieve MetLife’s vision of becoming a world-class leader in the insurance, retirement savings and employee benefits industries.

Key Responsibilities

 Be subject matter expert in industry-related data 
 Pull and compile data from multiple, non-standardized sources 
 Recognize data issues and work with providers of data to resolve problems 
 Generate standard and ad hoc reports on a regular basis 
 Develop and support new analytical tools and reports 
 Provide consulting, training, and technical support as need for data intensive projects 
 Deliver projects accurately and on time 
 Prepare spreadsheets, graphs, charts, diagrams, and other illustrative tools used in presentations 
 Examine and interpret a wide variety of data/information to make recommendations or decisions 
 Challenges current procedures to implement alternative methods to streamline and improve work products. 
 Assumes ownership for individual projects. Self-motivated to actively seek solutions to problems without supervision. 


Essential Business Experience And Technical Skills

Required:

 Bachelor’s degree in mathematics, statistics, computer science, economics or related field; or equivalent education and/or experience. 
 Advanced proficiency with Microsoft Office applications (Excel, Outlook, and PowerPoint) 
 Strong mathematical and statistical aptitude (rates, percentages, statistical analysis) 
 Ability to examine and interpret a wide variety of data/information to make recommendations or decisions 
 Demonstrated effectiveness in working with multi-functional teams in a technical production environment 
 Superior attention to detail as well as analytical, critical thinking and problem-solving skills 
 Ability to quickly grasp new concepts and applications and to multitask without sacrificing the quality and accuracy of project deliverables 
 Ability to communicate complex technical concepts effectively, both verbally and written, and aptitude to develop unique, creative, and efficient work products. 
 Works effectively individually and cooperatively in a team-oriented group setting. Promotes open participation. 


Preferred: 

 3-5 years of analytical experience 
 Familiarity with BI Reporting Tools and Data Warehouse methodologies (Cognos, Power BI, Fabric, SQL) 


At MetLife, we’re leading the global transformation of an industry we’ve long defined. United in purpose, diverse in perspective, we’re dedicated to making a difference in the lives of our customers.

Benefits We Offer

Our U.S. benefits address holistic well-being with programs for physical and mental health, financial wellness, and support for families. We offer a comprehensive health plan that includes medical/prescription drug and vision, dental insurance, and no-cost short- and long-term disability. We also provide company-paid life insurance and legal services, a retirement pension funded entirely by MetLife and 401(k) with employer matching, group discounts on voluntary insurance products including auto and home, pet, critical illness, hospital indemnity, and accident insurance, as well as Employee Assistance Program (EAP) and digital mental health programs, parental leave, volunteer time off, tuition assistance and much more!

About MetLife

Recognized on Fortune magazine's list of the 2023 "World's Most Admired Companies" as well as the 2023 Fortune 100 Best Companies to Work For ®, MetLife , through its subsidiaries and affiliates, is one of the world’s leading financial services companies; providing insurance, annuities, employee benefits and asset management to individual and institutional customers. With operations in more than 40 markets, we hold leading positions in the United States, Latin America, Asia, Europe, and the Middle East.

Our purpose is simple - to help our colleagues, customers, communities, and the world at large create a more confident future. United by purpose and guided by empathy, we’re inspired to transform the next century in financial services. At MetLife, it’s #AllTogetherPossible . Join us!

Equal Employment Opportunity/Disability/Veterans

If you need an accommodation due to a disability, please email us at accommodations@metlife.com. This information will be held in confidence and used only to determine an appropriate accommodation for the application process.

MetLife maintains a drug-free workplace.