About the job
Description

This is a business development position in support of INDOPACOM and is contingent upon award.

Process data and information at massive scale with machine learning technologies. Support finding mission-critical solutions by applying best-fit ML algorithms and introducing leading-edge technologies. Design and implement effective AI solution architecture utilizing approaches of various AI technologies and methods.

Qualifications

JOURNEYMAN: A Journeyman labor category has 3 to 10 years of experience and a BA/BS or MA/MS degree. A Journeyman labor category typically performs all functional duties independently.

CLEARANCE REQUIREMENT: TS/SCI

Physical Requirements of Position: Position will require heavy use of computing systems, PC or laptop. Phone use, Work may involve sitting or standing for extended periods of time. Position requires typing, and reading from a computer screen. Must have sufficient mobility, included but not limited to: bending, reaching, turning, and kneeling to complete daily duties in a timely and efficient manner. May require climbing, working at heights and in small spaces. Must be able to sit, stoop, kneel or crouch for long periods of time. Work in noisy areas with hotter and colder temperature than standard office environmental conditions. Lift and transport equipment up to 50 pounds There is a possibility that due to parking availability and location of work, walking moderate to long distances may be required. May require travel to other sites.

Work Environment: Generally an office. An inside environment may be a cubicle (considerations: close quarters, low to moderate noise, bright or dim lighting). Needs to be able to work well with co-workers, customer, and all levels of management. No hazards on job or unusual environmental conditions. Limited travel will be required, up to 10% of the time.

Equipment and Machines: Ability to operate office equipment such as a personal computer, printer, copy machine, telephone, and other equipment including desk supplies and other work-related tools as required.

Attendance: Regular hours will be Monday – Friday 8:00am – 5:00pm. Regular attendance of scheduled hours is extremely important, but not critical, except for deadlines and meetings. Punctuality and regular attendance are necessary to meet deadlines. Must exhibit flexibility of work hours to adjust to surge situations based on critical mission requirements.

Other Essential Functions: Must demonstrate professional behavior at all times when dealing with customers, management, and co-workers. Must have clear, concise, and accurate communications skills in English, both verbal and written. Grooming and dress must be appropriate for the position and must not impose a safety risk to employees or others. Must maintain a positive work atmosphere by behaving and communicating in a professional manner. Independent personal transportation to office or work site is required. Travel to and from customer’s locations and the test fields may be required to support projects. This may involve airline travel. In some cases, accommodations can possibly be made for POV, if necessary. When operating any vehicle for work purposes, must wear seat belt and in addition, no cellular devices are to be used when vehicle is in motion. Must take and pass a drug test and background check. Must put forward a professional behavior that enhances productivity and promotes teamwork and cooperation. Must be able to interface effectively with individuals at all levels of the organization. Must be willing to travel as needed.

The base salary range for this position is $90,000 - $105,000. This range reflects the minimum and maximum target for new hire salaries for the position across all US locations. Within the range, individual pay is determined by work location and additional factors, including job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training.

#ansdefense #tacs

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or protected veteran status.

Primary Location

United States-Hawaii-Fort Shafter Flats-20315-MFHI

Job Posting

Aug 7, 2024, 3:43:57 PM

Job

Information Technology

Organization

CMS

Job Type

Experienced

Job Classification

Fulltime-Regular

Work Locations

20315-MFHI

Capabilities

Defense Infrastructure