About the job
Job Description

We have an exciting and rewarding opportunity for you to take your software engineering career to the next level.

As a Software Engineer III at JPMorgan Chase within the Corporate Sector - Reference Data Client Onboarding team, you serve as a seasoned member of an agile team to design and deliver trusted market-leading technology products in a secure, stable, and scalable way. You are responsible for carrying out critical technology solutions across multiple technical areas within various business functions in support of the firm’s business objectives.

Job Responsibilities

Executes software solutions, design, development, and technical troubleshooting with ability to think beyond routine or conventional approaches to build solutions or break down technical problems
Creates secure and high-quality production code and maintains algorithms that run synchronously with appropriate systems
Produces architecture and design artifacts for complex applications while being accountable for ensuring design constraints are met by software code development
Gathers, analyzes, synthesizes, and develops visualizations and reporting from large, diverse data sets in service of continuous improvement of software applications and systems
Proactively identifies hidden problems and patterns in data and uses these insights to drive improvements to coding hygiene and system architecture
Contributes to software engineering communities of practice and events that explore new and emerging technologies
Adds to team culture of diversity, equity, inclusion, and respect 

Required Qualifications, Capabilities, And Skills

Formal training or certification on software engineering concepts and 3+ years applied experience
Hands-on practical experience in designing systems using machine learning & LLM technologies
Proficient in coding in Python
Experience in Working with cloud technology - AWS
Experience in developing, debugging, and maintaining code in a large corporate environment with one or more modern programming languages and database querying languages
Overall knowledge of the Software Development Life Cycle
Solid understanding of agile methodologies such as CI/CD, Application Resiliency, and Security
Demonstrated knowledge of software applications and technical processes within a technical discipline (e.g., cloud, artificial intelligence, machine learning, mobile, etc.)

Preferred Qualifications, Capabilities, And Skills

Familiarity with modern front-end technologies – Angular/ React
Experience in Java, Spring boot
Knowledge of building machine learning systems 

About Us

JPMorgan Chase & Co., one of the oldest financial institutions, offers innovative financial solutions to millions of consumers, small businesses and many of the world’s most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients under the J.P. Morgan and Chase brands. Our history spans over 200 years and today we are a leader in investment banking, consumer and small business banking, commercial banking, financial transaction processing and asset management.

We offer a competitive total rewards package including base salary determined based on the role, experience, skill set, and location. For those in eligible roles, we offer discretionary incentive compensation which may be awarded in recognition of firm performance and individual achievements and contributions. We also offer a range of benefits and programs to meet employee needs, based on eligibility. These benefits include comprehensive health care coverage, on-site health and wellness centers, a retirement savings plan, backup childcare, tuition reimbursement, mental health support, financial coaching and more. Additional details about total compensation and benefits will be provided during the hiring process.

We recognize that our people are our strength and the diverse talents they bring to our global workforce are directly linked to our success. We are an equal opportunity employer and place a high value on diversity and inclusion at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of any protected attribute, including race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital or veteran status, pregnancy or disability, or any other basis protected under applicable law. We also make reasonable accommodations for applicants’ and employees’ religious practices and beliefs, as well as mental health or physical disability needs. Visit our FAQs for more information about requesting an accommodation.

JPMorgan Chase is an Equal Opportunity Employer, including Disability/Veterans

About The Team

Our professionals in our Corporate Functions cover a diverse range of areas from finance and risk to human resources and marketing. Our corporate teams are an essential part of our company, ensuring that we’re setting our businesses, clients, customers and employees up for success.