About the job
About This Role

Wells Fargo is seeking talent to join the 2025 Technology Internship Program. Learn more about the career areas and lines of business at wellsfargojobs.com

Program Overview

The Wells Fargo Technology Internship Program provides participants with a ten-week orientation and training to Wells Fargo and the Technology groups within our organization. The hands-on experience includes relevant work assignments, real-world training, group projects, refining communication skills and exposure to key leaders. It is designed to provide undergraduate students with a blend of business and technical insights. Professional development is a key theme and includes informative learning sessions, coaching, and networking opportunities.

In This Role, You Will

Be placed in one of the following roles where your responsibilities could include, but are not limited to:

Software Engineer - Responsible for application design, development, testing, readiness and integration which can include developing enhancements or resolving bugs in existing applications, developing new applications to support the sunset of older applications and working with ancillary technologies to support application integration and data integrity. Accountable for the technical evolution of our services, working in close partnership with enterprise architecture, product management and partner teams. Typically, will work within an Agile (Scrum / Kanban) setting.
Typical Tech Stacks: Java, .Net Core/ASP.Net, UI Frameworks (ReactJS, Node.js, Angular JS, JQuery, Java Script), Spring Boot, GitHub, TDD/BDD, API, Microservices, Jenkins, Docker, Cloud Technologies (PCF, Azure, Google)

Data Engineer - Create and support reusable frameworks, data warehouses and analytics environments for data engineering and leverage common design patterns across traditional and bigdata solutions. Contribute to the data integration work, including developing a data model, maintaining a data warehouse and analytics environment, and writing scripts for data integration and analysis. Build and maintain optimized and highly available data pipelines that facilitate deeper analysis and reporting. Resolve moderately complex issues to meet data engineering deliverables while leveraging data information policies, procedures and compliance requirements.
Typical Tech Stacks: Python, MongoDB, MySQL, SQL, AI/ML, Tableau/PowerBI
**Roles for our Information and Cyber Security teams are posted separately.

Ideal Candidate For This Role Must Have The Following

Energetic self-starter who proactively takes initiative, remains curious and has a genuine interest in learning and growth
Ability to learn from and collaborate with a diverse set of employees in a fast paced, change driven and dynamic environment

Required Qualifications:

6+ months of work experience, or equivalent demonstrated through one or a combination of the following: work experience, training, military experience, education

Desired Qualifications:

Currently pursuing a bachelor's degree with an expected graduation date between December 2025 - June 2026
Excellent verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills
Intermediate Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, Outlook, and PowerPoint) skills
Involvement in extracurricular enrichment activities through one or more of the following: volunteerism, student organization involvement, study abroad program(s), leadership position(s), non-profit involvement
Pursuing a bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or other Technology STEM related majors
Demonstrated knowledge, interest and/or experience with: Java, Cloud technology, .NET, Python, SQL or related technical skills

Program Locations*:

Charlotte, North Carolina
Columbus, Ohio
Dallas Market Area (Addison, Irving)
Minneapolis Market Area (Minneapolis, St. Louis Park)
Phoenix Market Area (Chandler, Phoenix)
St. Louis, Missouri
Summit, New Jersey

*Locations subject to change and contingent on business needs

#earlycareers

Pay Range

AZ (Chandler, Phoenix): $48.08 Hourly
MN (Minneapolis, St. Louis Park): $48.08 Hourly
MO (St. Louis): $48.08 Hourly
NC (Charlotte): $48.08 Hourly
NJ (Summit): $60.10 Hourly
OH (Columbus): $48.08 Hourly
TX (Addison, Irving): $48.08 Hourly

 Wells Fargo only considers candidates who are presently authorized to work for any employer in the United States and who do not require work visa sponsorship from Wells Fargo now or in the future in order to retain their authorization to work in the United States. 

Posting End Date

29 Oct 2024

Job posting may come down early due to volume of applicants.

We Value Diversity

At Wells Fargo, we believe in diversity, equity and inclusion in the workplace; accordingly, we welcome applications for employment from all qualified candidates, regardless of race, color, gender, national origin, religion, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, genetic information, individuals with disabilities, pregnancy, marital status, status as a protected veteran or any other status protected by applicable law.

Employees support our focus on building strong customer relationships balanced with a strong risk mitigating and compliance-driven culture which firmly establishes those disciplines as critical to the success of our customers and company. They are accountable for execution of all applicable risk programs (Credit, Market, Financial Crimes, Operational, Regulatory Compliance), which includes effectively following and adhering to applicable Wells Fargo policies and procedures, appropriately fulfilling risk and compliance obligations, timely and effective escalation and remediation of issues, and making sound risk decisions. There is emphasis on proactive monitoring, governance, risk identification and escalation, as well as making sound risk decisions commensurate with the business unit's risk appetite and all risk and compliance program requirements.

Candidates applying to job openings posted in US: All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, status as a protected veteran, or any other legally protected characteristic.

Candidates applying to job openings posted in Canada: Applications for employment are encouraged from all qualified candidates, including women, persons with disabilities, aboriginal peoples and visible minorities. Accommodation for applicants with disabilities is available upon request in connection with the recruitment process.

Applicants With Disabilities

To request a medical accommodation during the application or interview process, visit Disability Inclusion at Wells Fargo .

Drug and Alcohol Policy

Wells Fargo maintains a drug free workplace. Please see our Drug and Alcohol Policy to learn more.

Wells Fargo Recruitment And Hiring Requirements

 Third-Party recordings are prohibited unless authorized by Wells Fargo.
 Wells Fargo requires you to directly represent your own experiences during the recruiting and hiring process.

Reference Number

R-385829-4