About the job
Job Description

Come be a part of the Performance Consulting team. We work with people, process, technology, and data to improve our products and services. We are looking for a person who is passionate about transforming the way that we work. This is an entry level consultant role with our team where you will have the opportunity to not only make an impact, but also learn and grow.

As a Process Improvement Associate in the Performance Consulting Digital Workforce Center of Excellence, you will get to work with key stakeholders to identify opportunities to transform business processes and help design the target state. You will have the opportunity to use process improvement skills to understand the problem, quickly identify the root cause and generate solutions. The Digital Workforce Center of Excellence (DW CoE) is a global internal consulting team with high visibility; responsible for supporting critical business transformation, reengineering and diagnostic efforts throughout Consumer and Community Bank (CCB).

Job Responsibilities

Map target state processes using sound process engineering and process mapping skills
Drive end-to-end process redesign and performance improvement through the identification and elimination of waste (non-value added activities)
Gather, model, and analyze data to test hypotheses and size opportunities of major change programs and process improvement projects while developing recommended solutions to address issues and capture opportunities
Demonstrate a strong desire to learn new concepts, tools and business practices by taking direction from managers and senior consultants and following through on tasks and assignments.
Support engagements that drive Quality, Cost, Productivity and Service Delivery projects to completion using formal process improvement methodologies such as Lean, Six Sigma and/or Capacity Planning.
Build organizational capability through strong relationships with internal clients and team members
Apply analytical / quantitative approach to problem solving; e.g., organize and analyze data through statistical concepts.

Required Qualifications, Capabilities, And Skills

Knowledge/Awareness and/or experience in technologies such as Robotic process automation (RPA), Machine Learning (ML) or Artificial Intelligence (AI)
Problem solving & Analytical skills - Demonstrate end-to-end generalist problem solving skills, including the ability to define and deconstruct problems, identify and prioritize key issues with gathering right data, structure and execute quantitative and qualitative analyses, financial modeling, perform competitor/industry research, conduct interviews, synthesize findings, and develop actionable recommendations.
Project management skills – Create workable project plans and execute on such plans. Staffed on multiple projects simultaneously, balance competing priorities and appropriately set expectations is key. Closely partner with senior and line managers and other stakeholders on projects. Collaboration with business partners will be critical to ensuring successful project delivery.
Communications and influencing skills - Possess excellent written and oral communications skills.
Teamwork skills - Flexible in their work style and able to work with stakeholders and colleagues at all levels.
Must have excellent skills with MS Excel, PowerPoint, Visio or iGrafx and other Microsoft Office applications.
Prioritize and efficiently complete assignments while maintaining the highest quality and ability to work in situations where the requirements/information may be ambiguous

Preferred Qualifications, Capabilities, And Skills

Bachelor’s degree from a competitive school, demonstrating a strong academic and extracurricular track record.
Experience in strategy, process improvement or reengineering efforts within an operations environment
Formal LEAN and Six Sigma training a plus or demonstrated excellent problem solving and communication skills. Process engineering experience a plus, ability to draft process maps using Visio or other tools. Awareness of robotic process automation technologies and process engineering disciplines
Passion for new technology, and is always on the lookout for “what's new”

Schedule: Hybrid Monday thru Friday 8:00am to 5:00pm

This role does not offer visa sponsorship.

This is a Hybrid position which will require the incumbent to commute/work on site 3 days a week and work from home 2 days a week.

About Us

Chase is a leading financial services firm, helping nearly half of America’s households and small businesses achieve their financial goals through a broad range of financial products. Our mission is to create engaged, lifelong relationships and put our customers at the heart of everything we do. We also help small businesses, nonprofits and cities grow, delivering solutions to solve all their financial needs.

We offer a competitive total rewards package including base salary determined based on the role, experience, skill set, and location. For those in eligible roles, discretionary incentive compensation which may be awarded in recognition of individual achievements and contributions. We also offer a range of benefits and programs to meet employee needs, based on eligibility. These benefits include comprehensive health care coverage, on-site health and wellness centers, a retirement savings plan, backup childcare, tuition reimbursement, mental health support, financial coaching and more. Additional details about total compensation and benefits will be provided during the hiring process.

We recognize that our people are our strength and the diverse talents they bring to our global workforce are directly linked to our success. We are an equal opportunity employer and place a high value on diversity and inclusion at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of any protected attribute, including race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital or veteran status, pregnancy or disability, or any other basis protected under applicable law. We also make reasonable accommodations for applicants’ and employees’ religious practices and beliefs, as well as mental health or physical disability needs. Visit our FAQs for more information about requesting an accommodation.

Equal Opportunity Employer/Disability/Veterans

About The Team

Our Consumer & Community Banking division serves our Chase customers through a range of financial services, including personal banking, credit cards, mortgages, auto financing, investment advice, small business loans and payment processing. We’re proud to lead the U.S. in credit card sales and deposit growth and have the most-used digital solutions – all while ranking first in customer satisfaction.

Operations teams develop and manage innovative, secure service solutions to meet clients’ needs globally. Developing and using the latest technology, teams work to deliver industry-leading capabilities to our clients and customers, making it easy and convenient to do business with the firm. Teams also drive growth by refining technology-driven customer and client experiences that put users first, providing an unparalleled experience.