About the job
Data Analyst 

Home based role – 1 - 2 days a week in Wakefield.

About The Role

Acting as a “bridge” between our Food Technical and IT team’s, you’ll be responsible for provide data analysis and reporting to the Group, Site and Divisional Technical & SHE Teams within the business.

This includes keeping content and reporting up to date and accurate whilst querying any obvious anomalies or errors with the site teams.

You’ll also be a point of contact for enquiries too support and resolve direct Technical and H&S queries from sites to the relevant group or divisional person. To maintain and help upgrade our business applications. To support and initiate the ongoing improvement in the systems and processes that drive the insight to better manage Technical & SHE performance.

Some Responsibilities Include

 Maintain the suite of Technical KPI applications, performing regular cycles of data import, validation, publication, and amendment if necessary. Support site and group colleagues as and when needed. 
 Ensure the Technical KPI System & eSis (Health, Safety & Enviro. System) are up to date and sites have submitted information correctly, on a regular basis. 
 Frequently running data analysis, building & publishing reports in an accurate and timely manner to meet stakeholder needs. Primarily using Excel & Tableau. 
 Maintain and develop the (pre-audit) H&S Framework aligned to stakeholder inputs. 
 Involvement in specific IT systems enhancement projects, or ad hoc workstreams, as and when required. 

About You

If you’re fanatical about food, thrive under pressure and have the can-do spirit that’s created our brand. Bring those qualities along with the above and you will have the recipe for success:

 High degree of computer literacy, including Microsoft Office (Word, PowerPoint, etc.)
 A basic understanding of databases and database management.
 High competency using Microsoft Excel, has knowledge of formula and macro building. Using VBA preferably.
 Excellent communication and interpersonal skills
 Good organizational and planning skills.
 Good standard of literacy and numeracy

WHO ARE WE AND WHAT IS IN IT FOR YOU?

2 Sisters Food Group is one of the UK’s biggest food manufacturers providing great tasting products to the nation, from chicken to cookies and pizza to pies!

With 18 sites in England, Scotland, Wales and Ireland. We employ over 13,500 staff, all of whom have the opportunity to progress as we focus on promoting from within and you can be part of that too.

Knowing that our business is only as good as the people we employ, we ensure that we invest in people like you to enhance skills and professional development