About the job
Company Description

The Bosch Research and Technology Center North America with offices in Sunnyvale, California, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania and Cambridge, Massachusetts is part of the global Bosch Group (www.bosch.com), a company with over 70 billion euro revenue, 400,000 people worldwide, a very diverse product portfolio, and a history of over 125 years. The Research and Technology Center North America (RTC-NA) is committed to providing technologies and system solutions for various Bosch business fields primarily in the areas of Human Machine Interaction (HMI), Robotics, Energy Technologies, Internet Technologies, Circuit Design, Semiconductors and Wireless, and MEMS Advanced Design.

The Bosch wireless connectivity and sensing research group is looking for an enthusiastic graduate student intern to work on product oriented research. We seek an ideal candidate with good theoretical background and strong desire for practical implementation in the area of Wireless AI. This internship will provide the candidate with an all round research experience of product development including active contribution in developing requirements specification and algorithm/protocol development leading to proof-of-concept demo.

Job Description

Design and develop innovative intelligent wireless solutions with focus on AI/ML.
Design and develop embedded software to implement proof of concept prototypes.
Conduct performance analysis and feasibility studies using simulations, experiments, analytical modeling.
Publish research work in the form of patents and conference/journal publications

Qualifications

Required Qualification:

PhD Student in Computer Science or Electrical Engineering
Experience in wireless communication, signal processing and machine learning.
Solid background in wireless sensing techniques: RSSI, ToF, CSI, CIR,...
Experienced in using different machine learning libraries and tools (e.g. TensorFlow)
Strong C and Python programming skills, embedded programming experience is a big plus

Desired Qualification

Knowledge of data augmentation models, GANs and transfer learning

Additional Information

Duration of Internship: 3-6 months

The U.S. base salary range for this intern position is $44.00-$66.00 hourly. Within the range, individual pay is determined based on several factors, including, but not limited to, type of degree, work experience and job knowledge, complexity of the role, type of position, job location, etc. Your Hiring Manager can share more details about the specific salary range for this position during the interview process.

By choice, we are committed to a diverse workforce - EOE/Protected Veteran/Disabled.

BOSCH is a proud supporter of STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering & Mathematics) Initiatives

FIRST Robotics (For Inspiration and Recognition of Science and Technology)
AWIM (A World in Motion)