About the job
Job Summary

Data Analyst is responsible for compiling company and industry data, analyzing financial, sales and market data, identifying trends, and providing actionable insights to support T-Mobile Center’s growth-focused and revenue-generating efforts. This role leverages research, data analysis, modeling, and coding skills to create reports, analysis, and data visualizations/models that showcase industry trends vs venue financial performance and provide strategic insights on performance to meet business expectations and service needs. The Data Analyst prepares event reports and proforma for the valuation of select offers for concerts, sports and other events. The position plays a key role in financial data strategy and is a trusted source of expertise for T-Mobile Center.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities:

 Work with internal departments to compile, analyze, and report on historical and current T-Mobile Center data from various source systems. 
 Deliver regular reports -trends, key news, and forecasts - in various forms (including slides, summaries, reports, excel, etc.). 
 Participate in regular meetings with internal teams and management to learn about business issues to be assessed and addressed through analysis. 
 Prepare select event proforma and risk analysis to determine event financial viability. 
 Use insights and trends to develop concepts and strategies to help promote innovation and opportunities to grow the business. 

Required Qualifications

 A minimum education level of a Bachelor's Degree in a related field. 
 Years of related work experience: Minimum of 2 years experience in administering complex financial data tables, including profit and cost center structures. 
 Advanced analytical skills with experience collecting, organizing, analyzing, and disseminating abundant information with accuracy. 
 Demonstrated business acumen, strength in research, and presentation skills. 
 Excellent written and verbal communication skills. 
 Proficiency in Microsoft Excel. 
 Self-starter, strong organizational skills, ability to prioritize and meet deadlines. 
 Demonstrated experience working with analyzing, and interpreting data. 
 Experience working with advanced enterprise resource planning environments. (Dynamics 365 a plus). 
 Excellent at building and maintaining relationships with the ability to effectively communicate with internal and external stakeholders. 
 Excellent critical thinking and problem-solving skills. 
 Ability to multi-task and work in a team environment. 
 Able to work a flexible schedule. 

ASM reserves the right to change or modify the employee’s job description whether orally or in writing, at any time during the employment relationship. ASM may require an employee to perform duties outside his/her normal description.

ASM Global is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer, and encourages Women, Minorities, Individuals with Disabilities, and protected Veterans to apply. VEVRAA Federal Contractor.

TMCHR@T-Mobilecenter.com for applicants requesting reasonable accommodation.