About the job
Who We Are

Zendar is creating a high-resolution radar imaging system that has resolution similar to lidar, allowing cars to see the driving world in all conditions and at long distances to travel at high speeds. We want to change the role of radar in the Advanced driving assist (ADAS) sensor stack and demonstrate that radars can take on many of the functions of lidar at a much lower cost. Zendar has pioneered a software-defined radar technology which fuses data streams from multiple sensors to build a more accurate scene and utilizes machine learning to understand the environment. All of this works in an embedded AI processor with tight latency and performance guarantees to deliver reliable sensing and perception.

Zendar was founded in the San Francisco Bay area, at the very heart of one of the most advanced regions in the development of advanced vehicles technologies. We also have offices in Germany and France.

Zendar has a diverse and dynamic team of electrical, mechanical, RF, algorithms and software engineers with a deep background in sensing technology. Zendar is backed by Tier-1 VCs, has raised more than $50M in funding and has established strong partnerships with industry leaders. Our team has more than doubled in number over the last year as our technology has gained traction in the automotive and agriculture industries.

Who You Are

Radar has long been a neglected sensor in the autonomy field. At Zendar, we have applied state-of-the-art ML techniques to show that radar can be just as capable as a camera in perceiving the environment. Our ML team’s mission is to unlock the capability of radar and show that camera + radar is the right combination of sensors for autonomy.

To help us achieve this mission, we are establishing an MLOps Team to support and power the productivity of our perception efforts. In this role, you will be second hire on the MLOps Team at Zendar, working alongside the team lead, a small team of machine learning researchers and engineers, and Zendar’s existing DevOps team.

As a core member of the MLOps team, you’ll be working on:

A robust and reliable data lake for our proprietary training and evaluation data
A high-capacity batch job system for ad-hoc compute workloads
A dynamically-scalable and GPU-accelerated compute cluster for model training
Whatever else we need to scale up to the next level!

As An MLOps Engineer At Zendar, You Will

Work with our rich store of proprietary radar, lidar, and camera data, and take ownership of our associated ETL / data transformation pipelines
Take meaningful ownership over the responsibilities mentioned above, continually working to improve and expand the systems we already have in place
Collaborate with the Machine Learning / Radar Perception team and the DevOps team to build out new capabilities and scale our existing capabilities to new heights

What We Look For

3+ years of hands-on experience with cloud computing platforms (AWS, GCP, or Azure)
Broad knowledge of data engineering and ML ops tools (Airflow, kubernetes, docker)
Strong engineering skills in Python and SQL
Excellent communication and organizational skills
Eagerness to challenge yourself, learn new skills, and adapt as the company grows.

Bonus Points

Experience with the modern Deep Learning stack (PyTorch, Tensorflow, CUDA)
Prior experience with automotive perception tasks (semantic segmentation, object detection, tracking, route planning)
Knowledge of the physics of radar devices and electromagnetic theory

What We Have To Offer

Opportunity to make an impact at a young, venture-backed company in an emerging market
Competitive salary ranging from $125-165k annually depending on experience
Performance based Bonus
Benefits including medical, dental, and vision insurance, flexible PTO, and equity
Hybrid work model: in office 3 days per week, the rest… work from wherever!
Daily catered lunch and a stocked fridge (when working in the Berkeley, CA office)

Zendar participates in E-Verify.

Zendar is committed to creating a diverse environment where talented people come to do their best work. We are proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status.