About the job
Summary Of The Function/Role

The Enterprise Asset Management Department of the NYCT - Department of Subways (DOS) is

seeking one (1) temporary consultant to serve as HxGN EAM Data Analysts.

This position is to provide critical HxGN EAM sustainment support for DOS Enterprise Asset

Management (EAM) needs.

Responsibilities

 Support DOS Enterprise Asset Management (EAM) sustainment efforts, with a focus on

the base implementation established under the EAM Foundations Program and future

needs as identified by the major business units.

 This position will play a primary role in the sustainment of the existing data within the

DOS HxGN EAM System, with a focus on data health and reliability.

 Under the direction of the System Data Lead, extract, cleanse and load data, including

the use of HxGN EAM Import/Upload Utilities based on project requirements.

 Provide data sustainment support for the HxGN EAM software solutions that have been

configured to accommodate unique transit industry operating and management

Processes, Regulatory Requirements And Other Business Needs.

 Provide data sustainment support for solutions to complex business problems for area(s)

of responsibility where analysis of situations requires an in-depth knowledge of

organizational objectives.

 Ensure that Program-level data structures are intact and update relevant sources such as

data dictionaries and other communication methods for the EAM user-base.

 Support and develop activities related to end-to-end data lifecycle management,

including the review of data loads for accuracy and completeness.

 Consult on Asset Management best practices (encompassing maintenance, inspection,

and reliability) leveraging the capabilities of the HxGN EAM application (both core and mobile)

 Review data loads for accuracy and completeness
 Review legacy system data and provide mapping to EAM data model
 Support DOS Business lead in developing system reporting solutions based on business

needs (in the form of Queries, Inboxes, KPIs and Dataspys)

 Support DOS Business lead in creating, validating, executing and documenting test cases
 Assist in the development of end-user training and reference materials
 Perform or assist in end-user training
 Assist in implementation go-live and post-go-live activities
 Support requests from users to research system problems or errors, and to assist in their

resolution

RISKS (required by MTA Risk Management)

 Describe the type of work consultant: Desk work only
 Whether any work will be performed within 50 feet of track right-of-way (yes or no) NO
 Whether the work may involve areas with environmental risks (lead, asbestos) --

substantial or minimal (yes or no). NO

DELIVERABLES & DUE DATES

 Support HxGN integration with other corporate systems
 Configure HxGN EAM for DOS assets

Qualifications Experience & Education

 Minimum 3 years HxGN EAM (or other EAM/enterprise data management software) experience. 
 Minimum 3 years of experience in EAM or other enterprise level data

management responsibilities.

 Proficient in MS Office applications, Word, Excel, Visio, PowerPoint, Project
 Ability to modify/adapt data to meet business requirements. 
 Understanding of complex relational database organization, design, and functionality
 Excellent oral, written and presentation communication skill in relating technical

information to non-technical personnel

 Strong analytical and problem-solving skills
 Ability to effectively prioritize and execute in a high-pressure environment
 Ability to independently set priorities and meet deadlines in a fast-paced

environment, a self-starter

 Excellent inter-personal skills including the ability to work with individuals at all levels

of the organization

Critical Key Requirements

 A minimum of 7-9 years HxGN EAM (or other EAM/enterprise data management software) experience
 Preferable 3-4 years hands-on experience large enterprise data management initiatives,

including the organization and loading of data into an enterprise system.

 Preferable 1-2 years working experience with Railroad/Transit industry
 Strong analytical and problem-solving skills

Spruce Technology, Inc. is a mid-size, award-winning (Inc 5000, SmartCEO, Entrepreneur of the Year) technology services firm with a steadily growing portfolio of commercial and government clients. Spruce provides innovative technology solutions, specialized IT staff, and IT strategy consulting nationwide. Spruce maintains partnerships with major technology vendors and continually develops leading-edge offerings in service areas such as digital experience, data services, application development, infrastructure, cyber security, and IT staffing.

Spruce Technology, Inc. is an affirmative action and equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, disability, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran status, or genetic information. Consistent with the Americans with Disabilities Act, it is the policy of Spruce Technology, Inc. to provide reasonable accommodation when requested by a qualified applicant or employee with a disability, unless such accommodation would cause an undue hardship. The policy regarding requests for reasonable accommodation applies to all aspects of employment, including the application process.