About the job
Benefits:

Flexible schedule
Free food & snacks
Free uniforms
Opportunity for advancement
Training & development


Are you a math enthusiast? Do you enjoy helping others understand and enjoy what they’re learning? Then Mathnasium is the place for you!

At Mathnasium, we help students learn math concepts in a way that makes sense to them! As a Mathnasium Math Instructor, our goal is to help students gain confidence in their math skills, develop a growth mindset, and show them that math can be a fun and artistic subject!

Instructors will usually work 2+ days per week for a 3-4 hour shift. As an afterschool learning program, Instructors will need to be available in the afternoons after 3pm during weekdays.

If you are ready for a fun and rewarding job opportunity, we would love to have you on the team!

We are looking forward to meeting you!

Job Description

Mathnasium is a math-only learning center that helps students in grades K-12 catch up, keep up, and get ahead in math. Mathnasium offers math tutoring and enrichment, homework help, and test prep to help students excel in the classroom and beyond.

Mathnasium Instructors teach students in grades K-12 off of their customized learning plan, and assist with homework completion.

What is the difference between a Mathnasium Instructor and a traditional Tutor?

In a traditional tutoring setting, tutors have to teach off of whatever their student brings to them that night (homework, test review, etc). It is the tutors responsibility to plan the best way to help the student. At Mathnasium, all students are a part of an ongoing program and their curriculum is provided by Mathnasium. This removes the stress of scheduling tutoring sessions and planning lessons from the tutor.

All Instructors are provided paid training to acquaint them with Mathnasium curriculum, teaching strategies, and how to team teach.

Requirements:

Math proficiency up to Algebra is required. Proficiency through Geometry and Calculus is preferred.
Exceptional score on Mathnasium's Math Literacy exam (material from 2nd grade and up).
Availability for at least 2 weekday shifts.
Clear record on a state and national background check.


More About Mathnasium

Mathnasium is a franchise established in 2002. With over 1000 locations in the US and Canada, and as many locations internationally, Mathnasium is the #1 math learning center for children. Mathnasium is where students in grades K through 12 come to catch up, keep up, and get ahead in math. Mathnasium offers math tutoring and enrichment, homework help, and test preparation services (including SAT and ACT) to help students excel in the classroom and beyond.

Mathnasium locations are independently owned and operated by franchisees of Mathnasium Center Licensing, LLC ("Mathnasium"). Franchisees are independent business people and not employed by Mathnasium. Thus, each franchisee and each franchisee center is unique and the franchisee is alone responsible for all employment matters in their center. If you are hired to work at a center, the franchisee will be your employer, not Mathnasium.