About the job
You could be the one who changes everything for our 28 million members. Centene is transforming the health of our communities, one person at a time. As a diversified, national organization, you’ll have access to competitive benefits including a fresh perspective on workplace flexibility.

Remote Available.

Position Purpose Responsible for analytic data needs of the business unit. Handle complex data projects and acts as a lead for other Data Analysts.

Provide advanced analytical support for business operations in all or some of the following areas claims, provider data, member data, clinical data, HEDIS, pharmacy, external reporting
Extract, load, model, and reconcile large amounts of data across multiple system platforms and sources
Review data to determine operational impacts and needed actions; elevate issues, trends, areas for improvement and opportunities to management
Develop reports and deliverables for management
Model data using MS Excel, Access, SQL, and/or other data ware house analytical tools
Ensure compliance with federal and state deliverable reporting requirements by performing data quality audits and analysis
Assist with training and mentoring other Data Analysts
Performs other duties as assigned
Complies with all policies and standards

Education/Experience Bachelor’s degree in related field or equivalent experience. 4+ years of statistical analysis or data analysis experience. Healthcare experience preferred. Experience managing projects or heavy involvement in project implementation.

Pay Range $67,400.00 - $121,300.00 per year

Centene offers a comprehensive benefits package including competitive pay, health insurance, 401K and stock purchase plans, tuition reimbursement, paid time off plus holidays, and a flexible approach to work with remote, hybrid, field or office work schedules. Actual pay will be adjusted based on an individual's skills, experience, education, and other job-related factors permitted by law. Total compensation may also include additional forms of incentives.

Centene is an equal opportunity employer that is committed to diversity, and values the ways in which we are different. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status, or other characteristic protected by applicable law.