About the job
Overview

We are seeking Cherokee speakers to participate in a unique project aimed at collecting audio data to train AI models for voice recognition. This is an excellent opportunity to make a significant impact in the AI field, specifically in enhancing voice recognition capabilities.

MAIN DUTIES

 Follow project guidelines to create accurate audio recordings.
 Use provided questions to respond and create a variety of audio content.
 Ensure recordings are clear by following technical and environmental standards.

Project Details

We will provide a list of prompts/questions (e.g., "What is your favorite recipe?") for you to use when making audio recordings.

Your task will be to respond to these questions in Cherokee while audio recording your answers simultaneously. You can use your own computer or mobile device to complete the recordings.

Passionate about preserving the Cherokee language and culture? We would love to hear from you! Join us for a unique chance to contribute to the future of voice recognition technology.

If you know someone who speaks the language and could be interested, please share this job opportunity with them.

Requirements

Fluent speaker of Cherokee: Should be able to speak clearly and accurately.
English Proficiency: Ability to understand instructions and communication emails written in English.
Follow Instructions: Must be able to understand and follow the recording instructions provided.
Basic Technical Skills: Familiarity with recording equipment or software.
Reliable Equipment: Access to a microphone, can be a phone microphone.
Quiet Environment: Ensure clear audio recordings free from background noise.
Time Commitment: Ability to commit the necessary time to complete the required recordings.

When you join Welocalize, you have the opportunity to bring your career to the next level:

 receive steady volume of work and long-term partnership {where this applies}
 professional development: work on exciting projects that will empower you keep learning and growing
 work with multicultural, international team with a great variety of documents and content types
 24-hour 6-day a week support from our Community team.

If this opportunity sounds appealing to you, apply below.

As a trusted global transformation partner, Welocalize accelerates the global business journey by enabling brands and companies to reach, engage, and grow international audiences. Welocalize delivers multilingual content transformation services in translation, localization, and adaptation for over 250 languages with a growing network of over 400,000 in-country linguistic resources. Driving innovation in language services, Welocalize delivers high-quality training data transformation solutions for NLP-enabled machine learning by blending technology and human intelligence to collect, annotate, and evaluate all content types. Our team works across locations in North America, Europe, and Asia serving our global clients in the markets that matter to them. www.welocalize.com