About the job
About Us:

GoPro helps the world to capture and share itself in immersive and exciting ways. We are a force for positivity, celebrating all things awesome while inspiring people to pursue their passions.

We celebrate diversity. We practice inclusion. We foster belonging. We demand equity. And we share the experiences of individuals and communities who also hold these values as core to who they are. From Bucharest to Munich, Silicon Valley to Shenzhen, we are dedicated to building a company that reflects and honors the diverse global communities where we live, work, and play.

Founded in 2002 by Nick Woodman, a photo and video enthusiast in search of a better way to film himself and his friends surfing, GoPro has grown into a relentlessly innovative brand loved around the world for its insanely versatile and enabling products.

We are GoPro and we love what we build.

Location: Remote USA. This role can be performed anywhere from the United States.

The Role

GoPro’s Analytics and Data Science team is a collaborative group of data scientists, engineers, and analysts who work on innovative projects. We work together to tackle complex challenges and identify impactful solutions across the business to support marketing and product strategies.

We are seeking a Senior Data Scientist to support product and marketing stakeholders. You will be responsible for developing analytical data assets and addressing data science requirements. You will be partnering closely with marketing and product stakeholders to produce data informed insights by building dashboards, developing models, and conducting statistical analyses and deriving insights.

What You Will Do


Partner with product and marketing stakeholders on analytic and data science initiatives (e.g. experimentation, causal inference, and predictive modeling, etc.) aimed to understand customer behavior
Conduct thorough data analyses on key questions (e.g. customer engagement, conversion, retention, and churn, etc.) to extract actionable insights
Build analytical ETLs to model customer behavior
Translate and scope stakeholder business questions into analytical projects
Develop prototypes for data analysis and machine learning projects and transition them to automated, production-ready workflows for handoff to the data engineering team
Collaborate with peers to project manage team initiatives, ensuring timely and successful completion of data analyses, data science, machine learning, experimentation tasks


Skills We’re Excited About


Proficiency with SQL and Python
5+ years of data science experience
Ability to partner with stakeholders
Strong applied analytics and problem-solving skills in the fields of product and/or marketing analytics
Skilled working with large datasets, building ETLs, and designing data models.
Experience with applying end-to-end model development cycles.
Leverage experimentation methods for A/B and multivariate testing
Excellent written, communication, and presentation skills
BS/BA in Statistics, Mathematics, Data Science, Computer Science, Economics, or related field


Bonus Points For


Experience creating and maintaining live dashboards
Enjoys creating content and/or editing media
Fluency with GitHub or CI/CD for version control
Master's degree in Data Science, Statistics, or related field


Why Work With Us?

Create your own destiny. GoPro enables you and trusts you to get your own job done, because we believe that autonomy in role brings out the best in our employees.

Live your best life. We’ve adopted remote and flexible work arrangements to support work at GoPro alongside our commitment to supporting employee wellbeing, belonging and connection with one another.

Work with leading edge technologies. We encourage employees to cultivate and use the latest and greatest technology, to provide the best solutions to serve our customers. We celebrate creative solutions that bring innovation to GoPro technology.

GoPro Highlights


Get your very own GoPro camera + gear
Medical, dental, and vision insurance – premiums are 100% paid for employees, 90% paid for dependents
Life insurance and disability benefits
Generous time off policy
12 weeks paid parental leave for new parents
Pre-tax and Roth 401(k) options
Discounted employee stock purchase plan (ESPP)
LiveHealthy monthly wellness reimbursement
Innovative remote-friendly wellness classes and events
Flexible work arrangements
Professional + personal development opportunities, i.e. LinkedIn Learning, technology trainings, certifications, Peer-to-Peer learning, conferences and more
Opportunities to get involved in the causes that you care about (annual camera donation + volunteer events)


We strive for the day that no group can be described as underrepresented at GoPro – whether as part of our brand or in our workforce. We are committed to providing a more inclusive, representative, equal, just, and happy world. GoPro is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer.

The pay range for this role is between $119,000 - $170,000. Actual pay within the range is dependent on multiple factors, including your residence location and prior work experience. Equity, benefits, and a discretionary bonus may be additional forms of compensation for this role and are not included in the provided pay range.