About the job
This job is sourced from a job board. Learn More
Job Description

Thinkpath Engineering Services (TES) is looking for an Aircraft Data Management Engineer to fill an opportunity located in Wilmington, OH.

Job Description

Perform records/status review in one or more main areas of focus to support Aircraft Acquisitions and Lease Return efforts: Airworthiness Directives / Service Bulletin, Maintenance Program Document/ Last Done Next Due, STC, and Repair Records. 
Perform repair or modification design, engineering analysis and substantiation, and develop appropriate technical documents, such as repair approvals, drawings, reports, and specifications. Support growth through business development activities and continuous improvement initiatives. 

Qualifications:

BS Degree in Engineering, or AS Degree in Engineeringand two (2) years of relevant experience,
Two (2) years’ experience in aircraft maintenance in one of the following areas: Structures, Avionics or Systems. Aircraft maintenance planning, manufacturing and repair experience will also be considered. 
Working knowledge of Microsoft Office, including Microsoft Project and Adobe Pro. 
Must maintain a working knowledge of the Code of Federal Regulations; e.g.14 CFR Parts 21, 23, 25, 26, 43, 91, 121, 135, 145. 
Must maintain and exhibit awareness regarding implications and required compliance criteria of
Airworthiness Directives (AD), Service Bulletins (SB), Supplemental Type Certifications (STC) and other FAA and OEM documentation. 

Company Description

Thinkpath Engineering Services, LLC (TES) has been a global leader in Engineering and Design Services since 1977. Headquartered in Miamisburg, OH, TES has additional offices in Columbus, IN; Tampa, FL; Marietta, GA and Toronto, ON.

TES provides the following engineering services:

Engineering Design and Drafting Services: Conceptual design, analysis, layout, form/fit and function analysis, drafting (including Geometric Dimensioning and Tolerancing), Technical Data Packages (TDP) development as well as reverse engineering services

CAD Services: Includes parametric modeling, detailing, incorporation of ECNs into existing designs, BOM development, and conversion services between various CAD packages.

Technical Documentation: TES technical documentation team has the ability to author documents, incorporate engineering changes into existing documents, create illustrations and produce animations.

Contract and Direct Placement: Technical placement of engineers, designers, drafters, as well as additional technical professionals in various industries.

Thinkpath Engineering Services, LLC (TES) has been a global leader in Engineering and Design Services since 1977. Headquartered in Miamisburg, OH, TES has additional offices in Columbus, IN; Tampa, FL; Marietta, GA and Toronto, ON. TES provides the following engineering services: Engineering Design and Drafting Services: Conceptual design, analysis, layout, form/fit and function analysis, drafting (including Geometric Dimensioning and Tolerancing), Technical Data Packages (TDP) development as well as reverse engineering services CAD Services: Includes parametric modeling, detailing, incorporation of ECNs into existing designs, BOM development, and conversion services between various CAD packages. Technical Documentation: TES technical documentation team has the ability to author documents, incorporate engineering changes into existing documents, create illustrations and produce animations. Contract and Direct Placement: Technical placement of engineers, designers, drafters, as well as additional technical professionals in various industries.