About the job
Job Description

Summary of job duties:


Strip and wax floors, high-speed buff floors, spin bonnet and steam extract carpets, spot carpets, sweep and mop floors


Work Schedule:

Sunday-Thursday 6pm-2:30am at $19.00-$21.00/hr depending on experience.

BONUS: $250 after 60days and $250 after 120days

You may call Michelle at (707)290-0688 to follow up.

Job Description:


Dust mops and wet mops floors.
Operate floor machine to buff, scrub, or strip hard floor surfaces, applies floor finish to various hard floor surfaces.
Weekly stripping and waxing of assigned areas.
Perform weekly shampooing and carpet extraction.
Perform daily carpet spotting duties as assigned.
There will be a lot of pulling and pushing of machinery, using swaying motions while operating the floor machines to buff the floor.
Occasional janitorial cleaning may take place.


Education/Training:


Must have knowledge of how to run buffers and wet vacuum machines; must have knowledge of the proper way to apply floor finishes.
Must be 18 years old
1 year of similar experience required


Benefit Information:

ABM offers a comprehensive benefits package. For information about ABM’s benefits, visit ABM 2024 Employee Benefits | Front Line Team Members | (Programa de Beneficios de ABM)

About Us

ABM (NYSE: ABM) is one of the world’s largest providers of facility services and solutions. A driving force for a cleaner, healthier, and more sustainable world, ABM provides essential services and forward-looking performance solutions that improve the spaces and places that matter most. From curbside to rooftop, ABM’s comprehensive services include janitorial, engineering, parking, electrical and lighting, energy and electric vehicle charging infrastructure, HVAC and mechanical, landscape and turf, and mission critical solutions. ABM serves a wide range of industries – from commercial office buildings to universities, airports, hospitals, data centers, manufacturing plants and distribution centers, entertainment venues and more. Founded in 1909, ABM serves over 20,000 clients, with annualized revenue approaching $8 billion and more than 100,000 team members in 350+ offices throughout the United States, United Kingdom, Republic of Ireland, and other international locations. For more information, visit www.abm.com.

ABM is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer qualified applicants without regard race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or status as a protected veteran or any other protected factor under federal, state, or local law. ABM is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to individuals with disabilities. If you have a disability and need assistance in completing the employment application, please call 888-328-8606. We will provide you with assistance and make a determination on your request for reasonable accommodation on a case-by-case basis.

ABM participates in the U.S. Department of Homeland Security E-Verify program. E-Verify is an internet-based system used to electronically confirm employment eligibility.

ABM is a military-friendly company proudly employing thousands of men and women who have served in the U.S. military. With ABM, you’ll have access to a world-class training program and ample opportunities to use the skills you developed while serving our country. Whether you’re looking for a frontline or professional position, you can find post-military career opportunities across ABM.

ABM directs all applicants to apply at www.abm.com ABM does not accept unsolicited resumes.