About the job
Who Are We?

Taking care of our customers, our communities and each other. That’s the Travelers Promise. By honoring this commitment, we have maintained our reputation as one of the best property casualty insurers in the industry for over 160 years. Join us to discover a culture that is rooted in innovation and thrives on collaboration. Imagine loving what you do and where you do it.

Compensation Overview

The annual base salary range provided for this position is a nationwide market range and represents a broad range of salaries for this role across the country. The actual salary for this position will be determined by a number of factors, including the scope, complexity and location of the role; the skills, education, training, credentials and experience of the candidate; and other conditions of employment. As part of our comprehensive compensation and benefits program, employees are also eligible for performance-based cash incentive awards.

Salary Range

$105,100.00 - $173,400.00

Target Openings

1

What Is the Opportunity?

Travelers Data Engineering team constructs pipelines that contextualize and provide easy access to data by the entire enterprise. As a Data Engineer, you will play a key role in growing and transforming our analytics landscape. In addition to your strong analytical mind, you will bring your inquisitive attitude and ability to translate the stories found in data. You will leverage your ability to design, build and deploy data solutions that capture, explore, transform, and utilize data to support Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning and business intelligence/insights.

What Will You Do?

Strong hands-on technical skills in Snowflake cost monitoring, performance optimization and DB administration.
Strong Snowflake SQL tuning skills to optimize long running and very complex queries.
Strong knowledge in overall data analytics environment and be very familiar with ETL and Reporting workloads. Be able to effectively identify performance bottlenecks and tune/optimize the code to improve workload response time.
Have positive energy, creative mindset and can-do attitude. Be able to take on new initiatives, conduct research and proof of concept work. For example, conduct POC on GenAI models in Snowflake and AWS.
Be able to take the lead and ownership to proactively drive the work forward, without day to day manager supervision and task assignments.
Build and operationalize complex data solutions, correct problems, apply transformations, and recommend data cleansing/quality solutions.
Design data solutions.
Analyze sources to determine value and recommend data to include in analytical processes.
Incorporate core data management competencies including data governance, data security and data quality.
Collaborate within and across teams to support delivery and educate end users on data products/analytic environment.
Perform data and system analysis, assessment and resolution for defects and incidents of moderate complexity and correct as appropriate.
Test data movement, transformation code, and data components.
Perform other duties as assigned

What Will Our Ideal Candidate Have?

Bachelor’s Degree in STEM related field or equivalent
Six years of related experience
Proficient use of tools, techniques, and manipulation including Cloud platforms, programming languages, and an understanding of software engineering practices. 
The ability to deliver work at a steady, predictable pace to achieve commitments, decompose work assignments into small batch releases, and contribute to tradeoff and negotiation discussions.
Demonstrated track record of domain expertise including the ability to understand technical concepts and possess in-depth knowledge of immediate systems worked on.
Proven problem solving skills including debugging skills, allowing you to determine source of issues in unfamiliar code or systems and the ability to recognize and solve repetitive problems.
Strong verbal and written communication skills with the ability to interact with team members and business partners.
Leadership - Intermediate leadership skills with a proven track record of self-motivation in identifying personal growth opportunities.

What is a Must Have?

Bachelor’s degree or equivalent training with data tools, techniques, and manipulation.
Four years of data engineering or equivalent experience.

What Is in It for You?

Health Insurance: Employees and their eligible family members – including spouses, domestic partners, and children – are eligible for coverage from the first day of employment.
Retirement: Travelers matches your 401(k) contributions dollar-for-dollar up to your first 5% of eligible pay, subject to an annual maximum. If you have student loan debt, you can enroll in the Paying it Forward Savings Program. When you make a payment toward your student loan, Travelers will make an annual contribution into your 401(k) account. You are also eligible for a Pension Plan that is 100% funded by Travelers.
Paid Time Off: Start your career at Travelers with a minimum of 20 days Paid Time Off annually, plus nine paid company Holidays.
Wellness Program: The Travelers wellness program is comprised of tools, discounts and resources that empower you to achieve your wellness goals and caregiving needs. In addition, our mental health program provides access to free professional counseling services, health coaching and other resources to support your daily life needs.
Volunteer Encouragement: We have a deep commitment to the communities we serve and encourage our employees to get involved. Travelers has a Matching Gift and Volunteer Rewards program that enables you to give back to the charity of your choice.

Employment Practices

Travelers is an equal opportunity employer. We believe that we can deliver the very best products and services when our workforce reflects the diverse customers and communities we serve. We are committed to recruiting, retaining and developing the diverse talent of all of our employees and fostering an inclusive workplace, where we celebrate differences, promote belonging, and work together to deliver extraordinary results.

In accordance with local law, candidates seeking employment in Colorado are not required to disclose dates of attendance at or graduation from educational institutions.

If you are a candidate and have specific questions regarding the physical requirements of this role, please send us an email so we may assist you.

Travelers reserves the right to fill this position at a level above or below the level included in this posting.

To learn more about our comprehensive benefit programs please visit http://careers.travelers.com/life-at-travelers/benefits/.