About the job
Costco Travel IT is responsible for the technical future of Costco Wholesale, the third largest retailer in the world with wholesale operations in fourteen countries. Despite our size and explosive international expansion, we continue to provide a family, employee centric atmosphere in which our employees thrive and succeed. As proof, Costco ranks eighth in Forbes “World’s Best Employers”.

This is an environment unlike anything in the high-tech world and the secret of Costco’s success is its culture. The value Costco puts on its employees is well documented in articles from a variety of publishers including Bloomberg and Forbes. Our employees and our members come FIRST.Costco is well known for its generosity and community service and has won many awards for its philanthropy. The company joins with its employees to take an active role in volunteering by sponsoring many opportunities to help others.

Come join the Costco Travel IT family. Costco Travel IT is a dynamic, fast-paced environment, working through exciting transformation efforts. We are building the next generation retail environment where you will be surrounded by dedicated and highly professional employees.

Analytics Analysts are responsible for evaluating complex business problems and exploring business opportunities using data to provide insight to decision-makers. Analytics Analysts identify and interpret trends and patterns in datasets to locate influences and construct forecasts, recommendations and strategic plans based on business data and market knowledge.

The Web Analytics Analyst is responsible for increasing sales through member analytics, the utilization of product recommendations, website improvements, and personalization. The analytics analyst will be expected to provide best practices and innovation to improve the online experience for the Costco Travel website thereby enhancing searchability and usability that will drive organic traffic and business growth. This position will be expected to partner with members of IT, Marketing, and the business to execute and improve strategies focused on technology and content initiatives. The Analytics Analyst will partner with other members of the analytics team to define key metrics, set up reports, conduct analysis, and provide recommendations for improvements to the Costco Travel business.

If you want to be a part of one of the worldwide BEST companies “to work for”, simply apply and let your career be reimagined.

 ROLE 

Defines and develops analytical, statistical, and machine learning models for advanced analysis and prediction.
Identifies and recommends opportunities to apply advanced analytics to solve business problems.
Demonstrates thought leadership and presents findings and interpretations of the data analysis to peers, stakeholders, and end-users.
Designs and develops processes to extract data from internal and external sources based on business requirements, transforming them into meaningful data elements.
Adheres to reporting best practices -- data visualization, scorecarding, dashboarding, etc. and recommends improvements to existing Advanced Analytics solutions where appropriate.
Builds and manages stakeholder relationships including business partners, users, vendors, customers, project team members, and management leaders.
Keeps up with industry trends and technologies; evaluates new technologies as needed.
Contributes technical expertise in analytics methodologies, performance measurement, and research using advanced analytical and experimental social and digital platforms.
Develops and presents content required for coaching, tutoring, and presenting to stakeholders at all levels.
Ensures documentation is created, meets standards, and is properly maintained, according to established standards and procedures, using both business and technical knowledge (e.g. requirements, technical, and user documents).
Identifies and resolves problems, often anticipating issues before they occur or before they grow; develops and evaluates options; and implements solutions.

Required

5+ years’ hands-on experience in eCommerce Web analytics specifically Adobe Analytics.
Extremely proficient in Adobe products such as Adobe Console, Launch, AJO and AEP.
Advanced Excel, Google Sheets experience.
Strong Data Visualization experience within Adobe platform tools or Tableau.
Dedication to learning and development of analytics expertise.
Extremely responsive, with a strong sense of urgency.
Proficient in the understanding of analytical processing including data management, optimization, and visualization.
Successful track record of managing multiple projects and work streams independently.
Strong interpersonal and presentation skills, to connect with stakeholders at all levels.
Documentation and organization skills to meet the established standards.
Highly motivated self-starter, problem-solver and execution-oriented team player.
Strong communication skills in both written and verbal.

  Recommended  

BA/BS from an accredited university.
Experience with HTML and Javascript.

Required Documents

Cover Letter
Resume

California applicants, please click here to review the Costco Applicant Privacy Notice.

Pay Ranges

Level 2 - $90,000 - $120,000

Level 3 - $110,000 - $145,000

We offer a comprehensive package of benefits including paid time off, health benefits - medical/dental/vision/hearing aid/pharmacy/behavioral health/employee assistance, health care reimbursement account, dependent care assistance plan, short-term disability and long-term disability insurance, AD&D insurance, life insurance, 401(k), stock purchase plan to eligible employees.

Costco is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Costco is an equal opportunity employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or any other legally protected status. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to IT-Recruiting@costco.com

If hired, you will be required to provide proof of authorization to work in the United States. Applicants and employees for this position will not be sponsored for work authorization, including, but not limited to H1-B visas.