About the job
You Lead the Way. We’ve Got Your Back.

With the right backing, people and businesses have the power to progress in incredible ways. When you join Team Amex, you become part of a global and diverse community of colleagues with an unwavering commitment to back our customers, communities, and each other. Here, you’ll learn and grow as we help you create a career journey that’s unique and meaningful to you with benefits, programs, and flexibility that support you personally and professionally.

Join Team Amex and let's lead the way together.

At American Express, you’ll be recognized for your contributions, leadership, and impact—every colleague has the opportunity to share in the company’s success. Together, we’ll win as a team, striving to uphold our company values and powerful backing promise to provide the world’s best customer experience every day. And we’ll do it with the utmost integrity, and in an environment where everyone is seen, heard and feels like they belong. Join #TeamAmex and let’s lead the way together.

Join Team Amex and let's lead the way together.

As part of our diverse tech team, you can architect, code and ship software that makes us an essential part of our customers’ digital lives. Here, you can work alongside talented engineers in an open, supportive, inclusive environment where your voice is valued, and you make your own decisions on what tech to use to solve challenging problems. American Express offers a range of opportunities to work with the latest technologies and encourages you to back the broader engineering community through open source. And because we understand the importance of keeping your skills fresh and relevant, we give you dedicated time to invest in The U.S. Consumer Services and Enterprise Digital & Data Technology Team brings together foundational strategic technology capabilities in digital experience engineering (Mobile and Web), AI/ML, marketing technology, enterprise communications, travel and lifestyle, and automation, grounded in our data technology model that prioritizes data governance. It employs a ground-breaking focus with development responsibilities for customer-facing capabilities that deepen and expand digital engagement, as well as core technical capabilities that cut across business lines and customer segments.

your professional development. Find your place in technology on #TeamAmex.

The Chief Technology Officer Organization’s vision is to raise the bar for technical excellence, talent, strategy, and standards across Technology. It also seeks to cultivate and foster technical innovation, as well as elevate and amplify the technical heartbeat of the organization.

Focus:

Designs, develops, solves problems, debugs, evaluates, modifies, deploys, and documents software and systems that meet the needs of customer-facing applications, business applications, and/or internal end user applications.

How will you make an impact in this role?

Successful candidate for this role will be responsible for:

Developing analytical reports to be consumed by key stakeholders leveraging Oracle Analytics

Creating reusable data assets ready for analysis

Applying software engineering best practices to analytics code

Collaborating with product owners, delivery managers, vendors, engineers, architects, and key stakeholders to resolve complex technical problems and create solutions.

Minimum Qualifications

5+ years of Software Development experience in a professional environment and/or comparable experience such as:

Bachelor’s degree in computer science, computer science engineering, or related experience required; advanced degree preferred.

Hands on experience with design and development of backend data models for Reporting & Analytics.

Knowledge across other analytical tools like Tableau and/ or Power-BI

Solid understanding of Business Intelligence (BI) tools, Data Warehouse (DW), Data Modelling concepts and SQL/PLSQL.

Familiar with Agile or other rapid application development methods.

Experience with design and coding across one or more platforms and languages as appropriate.

Experience with distributed (multi-tiered) systems, algorithms, and relational databases.

Ability to handle multiple priorities and deadlines with independent judgement.

Excellent written and verbal communication skills

Strong organization and prioritization skills

Proven ability to solve technical problems and the ability to influence key stakeholders.

Preferred Qualifications

Good understanding of Analytics solutions & architecture on Big Data Platforms

integrated data sets

Good understanding of CI/CD processes leveraging Jenkins, XLR and Maven.

Good Understanding of Internal and Public cloud technologies.

Professional certifications are a plus.

A proven hunger to learn new technologies and translate them into working software.

Ability to proactively support colleagues and collaborates with them to help achieve targets.

Salary Range: $85,000.00 to $150,000.00 annually + bonus + benefits

The above represents the expected salary range for this job requisition. Ultimately, in determining your pay, we'll consider your location, experience, and other job-related factors.

We back our colleagues and their loved ones with benefits and programs that support their holistic well-being. That means we prioritize their physical, financial, and mental health through each stage of life. Benefits include:

Competitive base salaries 
Bonus incentives 
6% Company Match on retirement savings plan 
Free financial coaching and financial well-being support 
Comprehensive medical, dental, vision, life insurance, and disability benefits 
Flexible working model with hybrid, onsite or virtual arrangements depending on role and business need 
20+ weeks paid parental leave for all parents, regardless of gender, offered for pregnancy, adoption or surrogacy 
Free access to global on-site wellness centers staffed with nurses and doctors (depending on location) 
Free and confidential counseling support through our Healthy Minds program 
Career development and training opportunities

For a full list of Team Amex benefits, visit our Colleague Benefits Site.

American Express is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran status, disability status, age, or any other status protected by law.

We back our colleagues with the support they need to thrive, professionally and personally. That's why we have Amex Flex, our enterprise working model that provides greater flexibility to colleagues while ensuring we preserve the important aspects of our unique in-person culture. Depending on role and business needs, colleagues will either work onsite, in a hybrid model (combination of in-office and virtual days) or fully virtually.

US Job Seekers/Employees - Click here to view the “Know Your Rights” poster and the Pay Transparency Policy Statement.

If the links do not work, please copy and paste the following URLs in a new browser window: https://www.dol.gov/agencies/ofccp/posters to access the three posters.

Employment eligibility to work with American Express in the U.S. is required as the company will not pursue visa sponsorship for these positions.