About the job
Global Risk Development Program (QMAP) - 2025

What would you like the power to do?

At Bank of America, we value being a Great Place to Work. We recognize that talented, engaged and satisfied employees are the foundation to help make the financial lives of our customers and clients better.

Bank of America provides a diverse range of banking and nonbanking financial services and products domestically and internationally in more than 35 countries.

Global Quantitative Summer Analyst Program Overview:

The Global Quantitative Summer Analyst Program is a summer internship and precursor for the Global Quantitative Analytics Development Program designed to develop and coach analytical and quantitative talent to be deployed throughout various Bank of America business groups.

As an Intern, you will gain in-depth experience and be provided micro and macro views of risk management for the bank. Interns will complete on-the-desk work with their assigned team and apply quantitative knowledge to specific financial challenges.

Your development is our top priority with on-the-job support, events and mentorship throughout. These opportunities include but are not limited to:

Bank-provided learnings focused on our seven key risk types (Strategic, Credit, Market, Liquidity. Operational, Compliance and Reputational Risk), as well as topics such as Modeling Principles, Software Development Life Cycle, Data Science and Analytics, latest Regulatory developments and more
Intern Mentorship Program
Enterprise Executive Speaker Series
Employee Diversity & Inclusion Networks LEAD for Women, Black Professional Group, LGBT+ Pride, and more
Continuous Educational Speakers and Events
Networking Events


A Day in the Life

Quantitative Analytics internships last 10 weeks and provide participants the opportunity to work on various tasks leveraging programming, data analysis, modeling, and other technical skillsets to understand how the bank makes key decisions. As a Summer Analyst, you will be placed on one team where your primary responsibilities may include but are not limited to:

Developing emerging riskassessments and analyzing credit risk scenarios
Quantitative modeling, including building forecast models, pricing models, and stress test models
Conducting research and analysis to provide a micro view of risk management in a particularbusiness line and a macro view of risk management for the bank as a whole
Assessing market trendsand providing quantitative data for internal partners and ultimately, clients
Applying quantitativeknowledge to specific financial challenges and projects specific to yourbusiness alignment
Implementing solutions applying both qualitative and quantitative methods
Networking with risk executives and key stakeholders to cultivate meaningful relationships across various lines of business


Quantitative Analytics Opportunities

The Global Quantitative Summer Analyst Program assigns interns to teams across the enterprise. Internship opportunities include positions supporting various business groups, such as the below:

Global Risk Analytics
Corporate Treasury
Enterprise Credit Risk
Data, Digital & Global Marketing
Model Risk Management
Global Markets & Financial Risk
Enterprise Independent Testing
Intern team assignments are developed based on business need and aligned to skillset and therefore cannot be guaranteed.


Qualifications

Candidates are required to be pursuing an undergraduate or masters degree from an accredited college or university. Eligible candidates must have a graduation timeframe between November 2025 and August 2026.
GPA of 3.5 or higher is preferred
Common areas of study include but are not limited to:
Economics
Computer Science
Data Science
Engineering
Financial, Stochastic, and other applied Math
Operations Research
Statistics & Econometrics
Other STEM majors
Candidates should possess a high level of intellectual curiosity, a drive for excellence, and a commitment to achieving sustainable results. Additionally, students should hold strong academic and technical skills as well as show proficiencies in leadership, teamwork, problem solving & analytical skills, verbal and written communication, and professionalism.
Candidates must have advanced programming skills, including but not limited to Python, SQL, R, and/or C++.
Masters candidates should have no more than 2 years of work experience.
Bank of America does not complete third party forms from colleges, universities, or other parties.