About the job
This job is sourced from a job board. Learn More
Job Description

Responsibilities:

To analyze, document and propose solutions for business areas and to prepare functional specifications
Develop Use cases to support BRD in order to expand on Business Scenarios
Allocating resources and maintaining cost efficiency. 
 Should understand the user requirements into use cases, Solution Design and business model building to making sure the solution meets all acceptance criteria
Acting as an advisor to senior manager and executive teams

Required Skills:

Have relevant degree such as Bachelor's and Master's Degree
Preferred Minimum 0-8months of experience
Analytical and Critical Thinking
MS office proficiency (Excel, Visio, Word, PowerPoint) Ability to work independently as well as within a team

Company Description

ASTA Corporate Resource Solutions Inc is one of the Fastest Growing IT Companies in Northern America and the DC Metro Area with its headquarters in Ashburn, Virginia. ASTA CRS is an Information Technology Provider delivering superior quality software development, consulting, and staffing solutions to our client partners. ASTA CRS services are uniquely positioned to support clients in achieving profound efficiencies and relentlessly delivering results. ASTA CRS is a long-time and trusted resource for its clients and partners. Asta CRS, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer M/F/V/D. ASTA CRS is proud to state that we are enrolled with the USCIS for the E-Verification Program.

ASTA Corporate Resource Solutions Inc is one of the Fastest Growing IT Companies in Northern America and the DC Metro Area with its headquarters in Ashburn, Virginia. ASTA CRS is an Information Technology Provider delivering superior quality software development, consulting, and staffing solutions to our client partners. ASTA CRS services are uniquely positioned to support clients in achieving profound efficiencies and relentlessly delivering results. ASTA CRS is a long-time and trusted resource for its clients and partners. Asta CRS, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer M/F/V/D. ASTA CRS is proud to state that we are enrolled with the USCIS for the E-Verification Program.