About the job
Summary

The Data Analyst I will provide support and analysis for KCNSC enterprise data projects. The role is responsible for performing data analysis, data mapping, data integration, and data quality activities for Data Analytics and Data Governance programs as determined by KCNSC Data Office management.

Duties And Responsibilities

Utilize analytical and technical skills for translating and analyzing business needs into requirements and assist in the design and implementation of analytics solutions (reports, dashboards, data mining) and/or governance solutions (cataloging, data quality, access management)
Work with project work streams, business stakeholders to design, implement and maintain best practice analytics and data governance information products and processes to support the business.
Perform data analysis by querying data sets in databases, spreadsheets, semi-structured data, and flat file formats to identify and document master data, reference data, transaction data, business rules, data integration rules, data mapping and transformations. Document internal processes and audit procedures to ensure data integrity of solutions
Research and resolve unexpected results or internal process flaws. Effectively prioritize and deploy solutions that can replace manual process
Support solutions in analytical tools such as Microstrategy, Tableau, PowerBI.
Support development of master data, data cataloging and data quality processes in data management tools.
Gathers data from multiple sources and performs simple to moderate level analysis, generating reports supportive of organizational metrics and client services.
Support information management projects utilizing data analysis, data mining and data optimization techniques.
Develop and follow standard operating procedures for regularly occurring processes
Provide back-up coverage to other team members when needed
Working at the Analyst I level, duties/responsibilities should be carried out with a level of proficiency commensurate with the experience level required for the position and may require assistance and support from more senior level analysts for highly complex assignments.

You Must Have

Bachelors Degree or 6 years equivalent experience
Up to 1 year of demonstrated data management experience, including the ability to merge, clean and analyze large amounts of data
Ability to obtain and maintain Department of Energy Q-Level Clearance which requires U.S. Citizenship

We Value

Experience with MS Excel functionality for data analysis
Basic knowledge of SQL and database structures
Basic knowledge of reporting tools, data visualization, MS Excel VBA/Macro development. 
Experience with database and analytics programming languages is a plus (PL/SQL, NoSQL, R, Python, Java, Scala)
Basic data analysis experience in viewing/sorting/filtering data, creating calculated columns, deriving data in spreadsheet or reporting technologies.
Demonstrated ability to manage through ambiguity and competing priorities.
Excellent oral and written communication and analytical skills. Strong interpersonal and collaborative work style.
Ability to work with and manage confidential information in a professional manner.
Strong organizational and time management skills. Ability to lead/drive priorities.
Ability to translate business requirements into effective process management solutions
Strong MS Excel skills preferred
Proactive analytical and collaborative problem-solving skills with business acumen
Ability to clearly document business process & system requirements
Ability to communicate effectively with both senior managerial and technical teams.
Ability to drive action, deliver results, with agile approach
Convey information with clarity and directness, ensuring the message is understood across diverse, global teams

FMT2021

Additional Information

JOB ID: 901
Remote Eligibility: Hybrid
Travel Required: 0-10%
Hourly/Salary: Salary
Relocation Available: Yes