About the job
Description

Data Engineer

Come build the future as a Data Engineer at Amazon, where you will be inspired working along best-in-class inventors and innovators! You will have the opportunity to create meaningful experiences that deliver on the ever-evolving needs of our customers, and your work will impact millions of people around the world.

As an Amazon Data Engineer, you will solve unique and complex problems at a rapid pace, utilizing the latest technologies to create solutions that are highly scalable. You will find that there is an unlimited number of opportunities within Amazon, where developing your career across a wide range of teams is highly supported. We are committed to making your work experience as enjoyable as the experiences you’ll be creating for our customers.

Apply now and you will be eligible for Amazon Data Engineer positions that are based on your preferred location, team, and more. We’re hiring across Amazon Stores in the United States and Canada.

Teams with available positions include, but are not limited to:

 Consumer Technology: Build new generation features and products for amazon.com, constantly improving the Customer and Seller experience for billions around the globe. Whether building site wide features such as reviews and recommendations, category specific software for the likes of Pharmacy, Electronics, Digital Software and Video Games or seller infrastructure, there are a variety of complex problems to tackle using a range of technologies in the design of your technical solutions.
 Operations Technology: Shape the future of transportation planning and execution on a global scale, that impacts hundreds of fulfillment centers, thousands of Amazonians, and millions of customers across the world. Your technology will support thousands of operators worldwide to design, build and run the best-in-class Amazon transportation network. We are building intelligent software to make transportation more reliable, faster, and less costly, providing a better and less expensive experience for our customers.
 Human Resources Technology: Create a seamless experience for millions of Amazonians and/or candidates. Whether supporting technologies for onboarding, time and attendance, compensation, amazon.jobs, or recruiting, you’ll deliver robust feature sets, elegant designs, intuitive user interfaces and systems that make it easy for Amazonians to excel at performing critical business functions.

About Us

Work/Life Balance

Our team puts a high value on work-life balance. It isn’t about how many hours you spend at home or at work; it’s about the flow you establish that brings energy to both parts of your life. We believe striking the right balance be-tween your personal and professional life is critical to life-long happiness and fulfillment. We offer flexibility in working hours and encourage you to find your own balance between your work and personal lives.

Mentorship & Career Growth

Our team is dedicated to supporting new members. We have a broad mix of experience levels and tenures, and we’re building an environment that celebrates knowledge sharing and mentorship. We care about your career growth and strive to assign opportunities based on what will help each team member develop into a better-rounded contributor.

Inclusive Team Culture

Here at Amazon, we embrace our differences. We are committed to furthering our culture of inclusion. We have ten employee-led affinity groups, reaching 40,000 employees in over 190 chapters globally. We have innovative benefit offerings, and host annual and ongoing learning experiences, including our Conversations on Race and Ethnicity (CORE) and AmazeCon (gender diversity) conferences. Amazon’s culture of inclusion is reinforced within our 14 Leadership Principles, which remind team members to seek diverse perspectives, learn and be curious, and earn trust.

Key job responsibilities

 Design, implement, and support a platform providing secured access to large datasets.
 Own the design, development, and maintenance of ongoing metrics, reports, analyses, dashboards, etc. to drive key business decisions.
 Recognize and adopt best practices in reporting and analysis: data integrity, test design, analysis, validation, and documentation.
 Tune application and query performance using profiling tools and SQL.
 Analyze and solve problems at their root, stepping back to understand the broader context.
 Learn and understand a broad range of Amazon’s data resources and know when, how, and which to use and which not to use.
 Keep up to date with advances in big data technologies and run pilots to design the data architecture to scale with the increased data volume using AWS.
 Continually improve ongoing reporting and analysis processes, automating or simplifying self-service support for datasets.
 Triage many possible courses of action in a high-ambiguity environment, making use of both quantitative analysis and business judgment.

Basic Qualifications

 3+ years of data engineering experience
 Experience with data modeling, warehousing and building ETL pipelines

Preferred Qualifications

 Experience with AWS technologies like Redshift, S3, AWS Glue, EMR, Kinesis, FireHose, Lambda, and IAM roles and permissions
 Experience with non-relational databases / data stores (object storage, document or key-value stores, graph databases, column-family databases)

Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us.

Our compensation reflects the cost of labor across several US geographic markets. The base pay for this position ranges from $118,900/year in our lowest geographic market up to $205,600/year in our highest geographic market. Pay is based on a number of factors including market location and may vary depending on job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. Amazon is a total compensation company. Dependent on the position offered, equity, sign-on payments, and other forms of compensation may be provided as part of a total compensation package, in addition to a full range of medical, financial, and/or other benefits. For more information, please visit https://www.aboutamazon.com/workplace/employee-benefits. This position will remain posted until filled. Applicants should apply via our internal or external career site.


Company - Amazon.com LLC - A03

Job ID: A2703397