About the job
Company Description

Eurofins Scientific is an international life sciences company, providing a unique range of analytical testing services to clients across multiple industries, to make life and our environment safer, healthier and more sustainable. From the food you eat, to the water you drink, to the medicines you rely on, Eurofins works with the biggest companies in the world to ensure the products they supply are safe, their ingredients are authentic and labelling is accurate.

Eurofins is the global leader in food, environment, pharmaceutical and cosmetic product testing and in agroscience Contract Research Organisation services. Eurofins is one of the market leaders in certain testing and laboratory services for genomics, discovery pharmacology, forensics, advanced material sciences and in the support of clinical studies, as well as having an emerging global presence in Contract Development and Manufacturing Organisations. The Group also has a rapidly developing presence in highly specialised and molecular clinical diagnostic testing and in-vitro diagnostic products.

In over just 30 years, Eurofins has grown from one laboratory in Nantes, France to 55,000 staff across a decentralised and entrepreneurial network of 900 laboratories in over 50 countries. Eurofins offers a portfolio of over 200,000 analytical methods to evaluate the safety, identity, composition, authenticity, origin, traceability and purity of biological substances and products.

Job Description

Follow the laboratory's procedures for specimen handling, processing and maintaining records.
Adhere to the laboratory's safety protocols, quality control policies, and maintenance procedures. Document all quality control activities, instrument and procedural calibrations and maintenance performed.
Follow the laboratory's established policies and procedures whenever test systems are not within the laboratory's established acceptable levels of performance.
Identify problems that may adversely affect test performance or reporting of test results and either correct the problems or immediately notify the supervisor, manager or director
Document all corrective actions taken when test systems deviate from the laboratory's established performance specifications.


Work Schedule

Tuesday-Saturday, 6:00am-2:30pm


Qualifications

High school degree, but preferred experience in the Chemistry, biology or related field, or experience working in manufacturing environment.
Authorization to work in the United States indefinitely without restriction or sponsorship


The Ideal Candidate Would Possess

Strong scientific, organizational and computer skills, strong sense of personal accountability and responsibility
Excellent communication (oral and written) and attention to detail
Ability to work independently and as part of a team, self-motivation, adaptability, and a positive attitude
Minimum of at least one year of subsequent laboratory experience and/or training pertinent to position
PCR experience is highly desirable
Ability to learn new techniques, perform multiple tasks simultaneously, keep accurate records, follow instructions, and comply with company policies
Previous laboratory experience with molecular techniques (DNA extraction, PCR)
Proven troubleshooting skills
Good hand-eye coordination, must be able to pipette. 


Additional Information

What we offer:

Excellent full time benefits including comprehensive medical coverage, dental, and vision options
Life and disability insurance
401(k) with company match
Paid vacation and holidays


Eurofins is a M/F, Disabled, and Veteran Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer.