About the job
Georgetown - Texas - United States of America

About The Role


As a CBRE Data Center Technical Team Lead, you will perform preventative maintenance and complex corrective repairs within a large Data Center operation.

This job is part of the Critical and Technical Services job function. They are responsible for technical maintenance services in critical client environments.

What You’ll Do


Coordinate and manage the team's daily activities. Establish work schedules, assign tasks, and cross-train staff. Set and track staff and department deadlines. Mentor and coach as needed. 
Implement improvements for preventive maintenance programs on an ongoing basis. Maintain effective building-specific maintenance and safety procedure manuals. 
Coordinate maintenance efforts with outside contractors, tenant finish personnel, and technicians. 
Oversee all building systems including fire/life safety, plumbing, HVAC, and electrical issues. Must remain current with the latest technology trends. 
Guide ongoing communication with tenants, clients, owners, facility management team, and vendors. 
Respond to emergency situations and customer concerns. 
Lead by example and model behaviors that are consistent with CBRE RISE values. Influence parties of shared interests to reach an agreement. 
Apply knowledge of own discipline and how own discipline integrates with others to achieve team and departmental objectives. 
Identify, troubleshoot, and resolve day-to-day and moderately complex issues that may or may not be evident in existing systems and processes. 

What You’ll Need:


Training in a Technical discipline having served an apprenticeship or equivalent and / or a combination of experience and education will be considered. Journeyman/Electrician or HVAC license, preferred, and state and local licensures, where required. 
Experience in the areas of staffing, selection, training, development, coaching, mentoring, measuring, appraising, and rewarding performance and retention preferred. 
Ability to guide the exchange of sensitive, complicated, and difficult information, convey performance expectations, and handle problems. 
Ability to work shifts that may include weekends and holidays. 
Must meet the physical requirements of this role
Understanding of existing procedures and standards to solve slightly complex problems. 
Ability to analyze possible solutions using technical experience to apply appropriate judgment and precedents. 
In-depth knowledge of Microsoft Office products. Examples include Word, Excel, Outlook, etc. 
Strong organizational skills with an inquisitive mindset. 

Qualifications


To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required.

Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

EDUCATION And EXPERIENCE


High School Diploma/GED required.

Knowledge of emergency response/standby/call out activities and protocols. Background in either HVAC or Electrical, preferred.

CERTIFICATES and/or LICENSES


None

Communication Skills


Ability to comprehend and interpret instructions, short correspondence, and memos and ask clarifying questions to ensure understanding. Ability to respond to common inquiries or complaints from clients, co-workers, and/or supervisor.

FINANCIAL KNOWLEDGE


Requires basic knowledge of financial terms and principles. Ability to calculate simple figures such as percentages.

REASONING ABILITY


Ability to understand and carry out general instructions in standard situations. Ability to solve problems in standard situations. Requires basic analytical skills.

OTHER SKILLS And/or ABILITIES


Ability to comprehend and interpret instructions, short correspondence, and memos. Also, ability to ask clarifying questions to ensure understanding.

Ability to write routine reports and correspondence.

Ability to respond to common inquiries or complaints from clients, co-workers, and/or supervisor.

Ability to effectively present information to an internal department and/or large groups of employees.

SCOPE OF RESPONSIBILITY


Decisions made with general understanding of procedures and company policies to achieve set results.

Equal Employment Opportunity: CBRE is an equal opportunity employer that values diversity. We have a long-standing commitment to providing equal employment opportunity to all qualified applicants regardless of race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, pregnancy, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, veteran status, political belief, or any other basis protected by applicable law.

Candidate Accommodations: CBRE values the differences of all current and prospective employees and recognizes how every employee contributes to our company’s success. CBRE provides reasonable accommodations in job application procedures for individuals with disabilities. If you require assistance due to a disability in the application or recruitment process, please submit a request via email at recruitingaccomodations@cbre.com or via telephone at +1 866 225 3099 (U.S.) and +1 866 388 4346 (Canada).

NOTE: Some, but not all, of our positions may have an additional requirement to comply with COVID-19 health and safety protocols, including COVID-19 vaccination proof and/or rigorous testing. If you have questions about the requirement(s) for this position, please inform your Recruiter.

Service line: GWS Segment