About the job
A Day in the Life:

When you begin your job with us working on the front-end as a courtesy clerk, customer service associate, or cashier, you are taking a step towards an opportunity that can help you learn, grow, and even develop a long-lasting career! We know you're choosing to invest your time with us, and we are committed to doing the same for you through on-the-job and online learning opportunities! Whether you are here for your first job or your last, from groceries to health needs, you guide, inspire, and make all customers' visit memorable. We build belonging by creating a diverse and inclusive workforce so, if you have smiles to share, we'd love to have you on our team.

What you bring to the table:

You take pride in the work you do, whether big or small.
You believe that food is central to all our lives.
Helping customers and fellow associates gives you energy.
Smiling and making others smile is your favorite.
You are eager, willing, and wanting to learn & grow.
You believe that being a part of your community matters.

Why you will choose us: 

Albertsons Companies Inc. has always been a people-oriented business, and thoughtful people practices remain a core element of our company’s philosophy. Our goal is to continue to bring people together around the joys of food and to inspire well-being and that starts with people like you bringing your unique self to our company and making it one person stronger and better!

We also provide a variety of benefits including:

Diverse & Inclusive Work Culture
Competitive Wages Paid Weekly
Flexible work schedules
Associate discounts
Leaders invested in your training, career growth & development.
Health and welfare benefits for eligible employees (Medical, Dental, 401k and more!)
Vacation / Paid Time Off

Our Values

We put people first.
We are customer driven.
We value different perspectives.
We raise the bar.
We act as owners.
We are one team.
We build belonging.
We are committed to a healthy future.

About Us:

Albertsons Companies is committed to bringing people together around the joys of food and to inspire well-being by transforming the grocery and pharmacy-health experience for our customers. Each day, we work to earn customers for life.

Albertsons Companies is a leading food and drug retailer in the United States. The Company operated 2,271 retail stores with 1,722 pharmacies, 401 associated fuel centers, 22 dedicated distribution centers and 19 manufacturing facilities. The Company operates stores across 34 states and the District of Columbia with 24 banners including Albertsons, Safeway, Vons, Jewel-Osco, Shaw's, Acme, Tom Thumb, Randalls, United Supermarkets, Pavilions, Star Market, Haggen, Carrs, Kings Food Markets and Balducci's Food Lovers Market. The Company is committed to helping people across the country live better lives by making a meaningful difference, neighborhood by neighborhood. In 2022, along with the Albertsons Companies

Foundation, the Company contributed more than $200 million in food and financial support, including more than $40 million through our Nourishing Neighbors Program to ensure those living in our communities and those impacted by disasters have enough to eat.

Disclaimer

The above statements are intended to describe the general nature of work performed by the employees assigned to this job and are not the official job description for the position. All employees must comply with Company, Division, and Store policies and applicable laws. The responsibilities, duties, and skills of personnel may vary within store and/or from store to store and the official job description will be provided during the application process.

Albertsons is an Equal Opportunity Employer 

This Company is an Equal Opportunity Employer, and does not discriminate on the basis of race, gender, ethnicity, religion, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, gender identity/expression, sexual orientation, or on any other basis prohibited by law. Consistent with applicable state and local law, the Company will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.

We endeavor to make this site accessible to any and all users. If you would like to contact us regarding the accessibility of our website or need assistance completing the application process, please contact us at 1-888-255-2269(option #4).

Starting rates will be no less than the local minimum wage and may vary based on things like location, experience, qualifications and the terms of any applicable collective bargaining agreement.