About the job
Airbnb was born in 2007 when two Hosts welcomed three guests to their San Francisco home, and has since grown to over 4 million Hosts who have welcomed more than 1 billion guest arrivals in almost every country across the globe. Every day, Hosts offer unique stays and experiences that make it possible for guests to connect with communities in a more authentic way.

The Community You Will Join

Users, Listings and Marketplaces Data and AI Team is a group of passionate machine learning, data, and analytics engineers responsible for creating new data products for our Guests and Hosts, Sales, and Finance. You’ll be part of the overall Guest and Host organization that is responsible for the Airbnb web and native apps used by hundreds of millions of our guests and Hosts.

The Difference You Will Make

Users, Listings, and Marketplaces are core entities to Airbnb and the quality of the data fundamental to Airbnb’s product and business. We have been growing our Data Engineering practice in these areas to improve data foundation and better leverage our data and ML models in our product. We are seeking a Staff Data Engineer to help us define and realize our vision for trustworthy Marketplaces data including pricing, and availability data across the company and our products.

We need to ensure every area of the business and our products has trustworthy marketplaces data to fuel insight and innovation. Understanding the business and product need, securing the right data sources, designing usable data models, and building robust & dependable data pipelines are essential skills to meet this goal.

A Typical Day

We are in the middle of tremendous growth and transformation in the data domain, with significant investments into smarter products powered by Machine Learning. We are seeking a Staff Data Engineer to own critical data assets for Marketplaces, and Competitive Intelligence. You will be operating with a high level of autonomy, collaborating directly with product, business partners, and peer engineering teams to align on data and reporting requirements.

Architect and productionize batch and real-time data systems to power products for Airbnb Guests and Hosts, or our business/sales teams
Ensure the quality, performance, and stability of data systems with thoughtful quality systems and monitoring
Tune, productionize, and optimize data systems powering Airbnb products
Design long-term marketplaces data models for optimal storage and retrieval and to meet critical product and business requirements
Collaborate with product teams to extract data requirements from product specs to develop scalable and flexible systems 
Collaborate and build relationships with partner engineering including backend/client, data science, analytics, and ML

Your Expertise

9+ years of relevant industry experience with a Bachelor’s and/or Master’s degree in CS/EE, or equivalent experience, or 6+ years of experience with a PhD
Experience collaborating with client, backend, ml, analytics teams, product and business partners
Deep expertise with modeling data for reporting
Experience designing and deploying high performance systems with reliable monitoring and logging practices.
Effectively work across team boundaries to establish overarching data architecture, data flow, and provide guidance to individual teams.
Strong knowledge of relational databases and query authoring (SQL).
Strong expertise with Java / Scala / Spark and operating on data at the petabyte scale.
Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal.

Your Location:

This position is US - Remote Eligible. The role may include occasional work at an Airbnb office or attendance at offsites, as agreed to with your manager. While the position is Remote Eligible, you must live in a state where Airbnb, Inc. has a registered entity. Click here for the up-to-date list of excluded states. This list is continuously evolving, so please check back with us if the state you live in is on the exclusion list. If your position is employed by another Airbnb entity, your recruiter will inform you what states you are eligible to work from.

Our Commitment To Inclusion & Belonging

Airbnb is committed to working with the broadest talent pool possible. We believe diverse ideas foster innovation and engagement, and allow us to attract creatively-led people, and to develop the best products, services and solutions. All qualified individuals are encouraged to apply.

We strive to also provide a disability inclusive application and interview process. If you are a candidate with a disability and require reasonable accommodation in order to submit an application, please contact us at: reasonableaccommodations@airbnb.com. Please include your full name, the role you’re applying for and the accommodation necessary to assist you with the recruiting process.

We ask that you only reach out to us if you are a candidate whose disability prevents you from being able to complete our online application.

How We'll Take Care Of You

Our job titles may span more than one career level. The actual base pay is dependent upon many factors, such as: training, transferable skills, work experience, business needs and market demands. The base pay range is subject to change and may be modified in the future. This role may also be eligible for bonus, equity, benefits, and Employee Travel Credits.

Pay Range

$204,000—$259,000 USD