About the job
The Business Analyst - Data Analytics will assist in the development of reports for a wide range of business solutions including: segmentation for response rates, order size, conversion rates, and customer retention. Interpret results and make recommendations based on findings. Assist in the conversion of data warehouse files to analytical files for analysis in SAS. Assist in the coding and creation of new analytic variables. Develop and automate ad hoc reports. Recommend actionable strategies based on findings. Manage multiple projects simultaneously and meet strict deadlines. Help maintain Portal sites. Interact with IT, Accounting, and Merchandising departments to expand and refine systems and content. Help with general computer knowledge and applications.

The position requires the minimum of a Bachelor’s degree or equivalent in Computer Science, Engineering, Data Science, Statistics, Business, or a closely related field and two years (24 months) related experience in the job offered or as a computer software professional. Background check and drug test required. Full-time, position located in Springfield, MO. EOE.

Full Time Benefits Summary:

Enjoy discounts on retail merchandise, our restaurants, world-class resorts and conservation attractions!

Medical
Dental
Vision
Health Savings Account
Flexible Spending Account
Voluntary benefits
401k Retirement Savings
Paid holidays
Paid vacation
Paid sick time
Bass Pro Cares Fund
And more!

Bass Pro Shops is an equal opportunity employer. Hiring decisions are administered without regard to race, color, creed, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, disability, veteran status, genetic information, or any other basis protected by applicable federal, state or local law.

Reasonable Accommodations

Qualified individuals with known disabilities may be entitled to reasonable accommodation under the Americans with Disabilities Act and certain state or local laws.

If you need a reasonable accommodation for any part of the application process, please visit your nearest location or contact us at hrcompliance@basspro.com.

Bass Pro Shops