About the job
1132257_RR00094689 Job ID: 1132257_RR00094689

NYU Grossman School of Medicine is one of the nation's top-ranked medical schools. For 175 years, NYU Grossman School of Medicine has trained thousands of physicians and scientists who have helped to shape the course of medical history and enrich the lives of countless people. An integral part of NYU Langone Health, the Grossman School of Medicine at its core is committed to improving the human condition through medical education, scientific research, and direct patient care. At NYU Langone Health, equity, diversity, and inclusion are fundamental values. We strive to be a place where our exceptionally talented faculty, staff, and students of all identities can thrive. We embrace diversity, inclusion, and individual skills, ideas, and knowledge. For more information, go to med.nyu.edu, and interact with us on LinkedIn, Glassdoor, Indeed, Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.

Position Summary

We have an exciting opportunity to join our team as a Data Analyst.

This position is responsible for ongoing analysis of health care information, obtained from a variety of sources, including patient care, and demographic data. It involves development and preparation of information products for association staff and members. It requires the ability to analyze data from conceptualization through presentation of the data

Job Responsibilities

Data entry for all M*SHP projects.
Performs other duties as assigned.
Univariate and Multivariate analysis mentored by the PI.
Generation of reports based on funder and PI needs.
Management and improvement of the existing database (SPSS).
Develop programs, methodologies, and files for analyzing and presenting data.
Develop useful and insightful information from a variety of data sources.
Accurate and appropriate interpretation of data.
Delivery of sophisticated analysis products.
Perform data analysis in support of ad-hoc and standing customer requests.

Minimum Qualifications

The position requires facility with SPSS, SAS, Microsoft Access, Microsoft Word, and Microsoft Excel. BA minimum, MPH preferred. It requires proficiency with analytical tools knowledge of data analysis methodology, use of presentation software, strong communication skills. The data manager/analyst will be considered for inclusion on all publications and presentations commensurate with their participation

Preferred Qualifications

None

Qualified candidates must be able to effectively communicate with all levels of the organization.

NYU Grossman School of Medicine provides its staff with far more than just a place to work. Rather, we are an institution you can be proud of, an institution where you'll feel good about devoting your time and your talents.

NYU Grossman School of Medicine is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer committed to diversity and inclusion in all aspects of recruiting and employment. All qualified individuals are encouraged to apply and will receive consideration without regard to race, color, gender, gender identity or expression, sex, sexual orientation, transgender status, gender dysphoria, national origin, age, religion, disability, military and veteran status, marital or parental status, citizenship status, genetic information or any other factor which cannot lawfully be used as a basis for an employment decision. We require applications to be completed online.

If you wish to view NYU Grossman School of Medicine's EEO policies, please click here. Please click here to view the Federal "EEO is the law" poster or visit https://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/ofccpost.htm for more information.

NYU Langone Health provides a salary range to comply with the New York state Law on Salary Transparency in Job Advertisements. The salary range for the role is $62,400 - 80,000 Annually. Actual salaries depend on a variety of factors, including experience, specialty, education, and hospital need. The salary range or contractual rate listed does not include bonuses/incentive, differential pay or other forms of compensation or benefits.

To view the Pay Transparency Notice, please click here