About the job
If you are a dedicated and detail-oriented Senior AEM Developer with a strong background in Adobe Experience Manager and related tools, and you thrive in a collaborative and fast-paced environment, we encourage you to join our team in building innovative web applications with AEM, where your expertise will be crucial in delivering high-quality, secure, and integrated solutions.

Responsibilities


Design and develop web applications using the AEM including components, workflows, dialogs, Sling model, Sling exporter, OSGI bundles, Schedulers, Event listeners, Maven, Git and Jenkins
Familiarity of all AEM building blocks including editable templates,Core components,Touch UI dialogs,CUG,Sling API etc., including the build and deployment processes
Develop components using the front-end technologies that includes HTL (Sightly), HTML, JavaScript, CSS.
Ability to develop component based on user story specifications
Follow best practices for secure web programming and deployment. Adhere to internal best practices with respect to coding standards, unit test coverage,
Participate actively as part of an Agile Scrum team.


Requirements


Minimum 5 to 8 years of relevant experience is required.
Strong development experience in AEM 6.x/CQ5.
Proficiency in AEM building blocks and front-end technologies.
Experience with AEM integration with 3rd party services.
Knowledge of secure web programming and deployment best practices.
Technical skills in JSP, Angular, REST-based web services, and session management.


Nice to have


Good to have certification as AEM developer.
Exposure to Headless content services via content fragments/experience fragments will be added advantage.


Technologies


REST-based web services
Session management


We offer


Insurance coverage 
Paid leaves – including maternity, bereavement, paternity, and special COVID-19 leaves. 
Financial assistance for medical crisis 
Retiral Benefits – VPF and NPS 
Customized Mindfulness and Wellness programs 
EPAM Hobby Clubs
Flexible and hybrid work opportunities 
Soft loans to set up workspace at home 
Relocation and mobility programs
Access to soft skills training in general communication, presenting and public speaking, diversity, equity and inclusion (DEI), cultural Intelligence, self-productivity, well-being and more. 
Unlimited access to the LinkedIn Learning Library, including 22,000+ courses 
Access to internal learning platforms, EPAM University and a wide range of professional communities and competency centers 
Community networking and idea creation platforms 
Mentorship programs 
Self-driven career progression tool
Upskilling, reskilling and certification courses