About the job
This job is sourced from a job board. Learn More
Compensation Amount

15.00 USD Hourly

Job Summary

The General Utility is responsible for cleaning all dishes, glasses, utensils, pots and pans and related food preparation/serving items and equipment, as well as the service and dining areas. The General Utility performs skilled and routine maintenance, grounds, and housekeeping tasks necessary to maintain the cleanliness and sanitation of the facility.

Job Description

ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS

Wash dishes, utensils, trays, and cooking supplies using proper sanitation procedures.
Pull trash from trash receptacles. Replace trash bags as needed. Clear trash from tables and floors/grounds.
Clean floor area of any spillage of water, detergent and/or food stuffs per safety and sanitation guidelines.
Fill condiments, utensils, and other supplies with stock as needed.
Loading and unloading of inventory from trucks. Stocking storeroom. 
Maintain the kitchen, serving, and dining areas in clean and orderly condition at all times by sweeping, mopping, emptying trash, wiping counters and equipment and organizing shelves in order to maintain a sanitary work station and to meet mandated health compliance requirements.
Maintain awareness of safety issues, and report them immediately to your manager.

SKILL AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIREMENTS INCLUDE

Partial High School education; High School Diploma/G.E.D. equivalent preferred.
Strong sanitation habits.
Strong customer service abilities; actively looks for ways to assist customers and coworkers. 
Ability to recognize when a problem has occurred and communicate it to management. 
Physical and Mental Requirements
Moving about on foot to accomplish tasks, particularly frequent movements from place to place within the unit. Bend, lift, carry, reach/extend arms and hands above shoulder height frequently, or otherwise move in a constantly changing environment. 
Lifting, carrying, and pushing up to 30 lbs. regularly, 40 lbs. frequently, and up to 50 lbs. occasionally.
Ability to stand for the entire work day. 
Works in wet and slippery conditions. Frequently works in a hot and damp environment. 
Frequently immerses hands in water. 
Climbing steps regularly. 
Withstanding temperature extremes in freezer, refrigerator walk-in and grill areas. Ability to work in indoor and outdoor environments. 
Reading and writing work-related documents in English.
Speech recognition and clarity, including the ability to understand the speech of customers and co-workers and the ability to speak clearly so that you can be understood by customers and co-workers in English.
Constantly communicates and receives verbal communication with other employees in fast-paced kitchen. 
Physical presence at the job site is essential to perform job duties. 

EQUIPMENT USED

Standard commercial automatic dishwashing equipment.
Cleaning Supplies (including detergents, chemicals, mops, brooms, scourers, hand towels, etc.).

Founded in 1917, Guest Services has worked tirelessly to earn the reputation as the premier hospitality management company and National Park Service concessionaire in the United States. Guest Services takes great care and pride in providing best-in-class services across a wide variety of client sites including luxury communities, hotels, resorts, government and business dining facilities, full-service restaurants, state and national parks, outdoor recreation, boathouses, marinas, museums, conference centers, senior living communities, health care systems, school and university dining facilities, and specialty retail stores.

Guest Services, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment and promotion without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or protected Veteran status.

OUR COMMITMENT TO DIVERSITY, EQUITY, & INCLUSION: We embrace Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion (DEI) and the richness it brings to our company. Our commitment is to provide an inclusive workplace where individuals can bring their whole selves to work, enabling them to provide the best level of service to our diverse customer base.