About the job
We’re a Little Different

Our mission is clear. We bring to life a healing ministry through our compassionate care and exceptional service.

At Mercy, we believe in careers that match the unique gifts of unique individuals - careers that not only make the most of your skills and talents, but also your heart. Join us and discover why Modern Healthcare Magazine named us in its “Top 100 Places to Work.”

Overview

Performs basic cleaning functions in all areas of the Health System providing a sanitary and aesthetically pleasing environment. Additional responsibilities include stripping and refinishing floors, carpet extraction, operating battery powered Carpet Extractors, Autoscrubbers and Floor Burnishers, performing heavy lifting tasks (movement of furniture and equipment), movement of patient furniture, hanging of cubicle curtains and drapes. Removes and transports pharmaceutical waste to appropriate storage location. Prepares pharmaceutical waste for shipping and other assigned duties related to the Environmental Service Department.

Qualifications

Experience: Cleaning experience in an institutional setting is preferred.
Other: Ability to read and write with capability of following oral and written instruction. Able to communicate effectively withpatients, guests and all hospital personnel. Working Conditions, Mental and Physical Requirements: Physical demands includewalking/standing up to 8 hours a shift. Lifting, carrying objects up to 70 pounds. Pushing, pulling, climbing (stairs, ladders), stooping,bending, squatting, crawling and reaching. Physical demands are attached plus push, pull up to 50+#, and grip up to 50+# lbs., pinch up to15 lbs., kneel, crouch, and crawl minimally. Equipment Used: Carpet extractors, Floor burnishers, Low speed scrubbing buffers, Cardboardbailer, Pressure washers and other Housekeeping related equipment.

We Offer Great Benefits

Day-one comprehensive health, vision and dental coverage, PTO, tuition reimbursement and employer-matched retirement funds are just a few of the great benefits offered to eligible co-workers, including those working 32 hours or more per pay period!

We’re bringing to life a healing ministry through compassionate care.

At Mercy, our supportive community will be behind you every step of your day, especially the tough ones. You will have opportunities to pioneer new models of care and transform the health care experience through advanced technology and innovative procedures. We’re expanding to help our communities grow. Join us and be a part of it all.

What Makes You a Good Match for Mercy? 

Compassion and professionalism go hand-in-hand with us. Having a positive outlook and a strong sense of advocacy is in perfect step with our mission and vision. We’re also collaborative and unafraid to do a little extra to deliver excellent care - that’s just part of our commitment. If that sounds like a good fit for you, we encourage you to apply.

EEO/AA/Minorities/Females/Disabled/Veterans