About the job
Job Title: Software Engineer Intern

Department: Research and Development

Reports to: Chief Science Officer

Hours Available: M-F 8:00am-5:00pm EST (1-hour lunch break)

FLSA Class: Non-Exempt

EEO1 Classification: Professionals

Physical Address: 1953 Langston Street, Rock Hill, SC 29730

Salary Range: $25.00 - $30.00 (Actual compensation will be determined based on experience, location, and other factors permitted by law)

Why Work @ BEDGEAR?

If You’re Looking For a Career And Not Just a Job, BEDGEAR Provides a Work Environment That Accelerates Growth For All Its Team Members. Keeping Up With The Everyday Challenges Of a Fast-growing Consumer Goods Company Demands a Team Of All-in Players, Who Are Focused On Continuous Improvement, Collaboration, Leadership, And Have a Growth-mindset. If You Want To Elevate Yourself Personally And Professionally, Surrounding Yourself With Others That Share The Same Values, Beliefs, And Behaviors Will Provide The Support And Extra Push To Reach New Heights And Smash New Goals. At BEDGEAR You Can Expect To Find Successful Teammates Who Exemplify Our Core Values Of Being

HUNGRY - HUMBLE - CURIOUS - CLEVER - COMMITTED - HUMANITARIAN

Summary: We here at the Bedgear Research & Innovation Lab are on the front lines of innovation in performance sleep and recovery systems. Our team works together to help the company grow and expand to stay ahead of the curve. We allow for a high degree of freedom in different research projects, to permit researchers to learn and grow at a pace that benefits everyone.

Essential Functions (include But Not Limited To)

We are looking for software engineers with a background in computer science or related fields. We are looking for individuals who are experienced and have a grasp of software system design, architecture and building graphical user interfaces. Examples of projects may include designing different software tools and interfaces (Desktop / Mobile/ Web) for trade shows, tools to be used in Bedgear affiliate stores, equipment for bio-mechanical measurements, and data analytics projects. We will work with you to help you learn and progress in your career. Fast prototyping and innovative research are at the core of the experience here at Bedgear’s Research & Innovation Lab.

Key Responsibilities

Work with researchers and engineers to design software applications and improve upon existing projects.
Present designs to teammates and provide feedback on their projects.
Work with other Bedgear teams to build prototypes, with the expectation that they would be presented at annual tradeshows/furniture markets.
Take an active role in designing different products while brainstorming ideas with team members.
Developing and designing software systems including implementing validation and testing methods.
Managing the software development life cycle.
Developing and executing project plans.
Applying best practices and standard operating procedures.
Creating innovative solutions to meet the project’s technical needs.
Testing new software and fixing bugs.
You will be expected to assist in sleep studies, equipment management, and design of new equipment.
Expected to travel and collaborate with contracted engineers, field technicians, and Bedgear staff (0-10% Time expected to travel, this may vary).

This job description is intended as a general guideline and should not be considered an exhaustive list of responsibilities. The Manufacturing Materials Manager may be required to perform additional duties as needed to support the manufacturing department, as well as be tasked with special projects as needed.

Must Have

Ability to prioritize effectively and operate efficiently; use sound judgment to make rational decisions; ability to recognize opportunities and evoke change where applicable; must be objective v. subjective; strong follow-up skills; intrapersonal skills; excellent communication skills; attention to detail and process orientation; problem-solving skills; coaching and mentoring skills; must have a thorough understanding of company’s confidentiality agreement.

Qualifications/Requirements

Must be 18 years of age or older.
Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or Computer Engineering
Must be legally authorized to work in the United States and have IDs needed to verify.
English proficient (reading, writing, speaking, comprehension)

Education/Experience/License Requirements

Master's Degree in Computer Science or Computer Engineering (preferred)
Knowledge of signal processing, data science, and machine learning
Prior work experience in Computer Science or Computer Engineering (preferred)
Prior coding experience in Python and/or java (preferred) 

Desired Skills (preferred, But Not Required)

Portfolio highlighting previous projects.
Hobbyist software development experience will be a big plus.
Knowledge of signal processing, image processing, GUI coding, and/or Data Visualization experience will be a big plus.
Experience in electrical design with embedded applications with the use of microcontrollers such as Arduino and Raspberry Pi 

About BEDGEAR® PERFORMANCE®

Launched in 2009, BEDGEAR® is the brand of Performance® that provides innovative bedding by focusing on an active lifestyle and well-being. BEDGEAR’s sleep solutions are engineered with Performance fabrics that are temperature neutral and instant cooling and maximizes airflow to allow the body to naturally regulate its temperature. With a core belief of One Size Does Not Fit All™, BEDGEAR has redefined the way people view sleep by developing interactive in-store experiences and breathable bedding products that are personally fit to a consumer based on specific factors, including body type, sleep position and temperature. BEDGEAR is dedicated to integrating environmental responsibility into product development to ensure less returned goods are being sent to landfills. BEDGEAR is essential to the rest and recovery routines of professional athletes and active people who need to maximize their sleep. A proud manufacturer in the USA, BEDGEAR offers mattresses, pillows, sheets, blankets, pet beds as well as travel, kids and baby products that often feature removable and washable covers to maintain a clean and healthy sleep environment. BEDGEAR is represented in more than 4,000 retail stores across the globe and has earned more than 220 U.S. and worldwide patents, trademark registrations and pending applications. Sleep Fuels Everything®!

Learn more at bedgear.com.

BEDGEAR® is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer that participates in the E-Verify program!