About the job
Help us change lives

At Exact Sciences, we’re helping change how the world prevents, detects and guides treatment for cancer. We give patients and clinicians the clarity needed to make confident decisions when they matter most. Join our team to find a purpose-driven career, an inclusive culture, and robust benefits to support your life while you’re working to help others.

Position Overview

The Senior Director, AI Strategy and Development is a strategic leader who drives the adoption of AI at Exact Sciences. You work cross functionally, with IT and business partners, to leverage machine learning, deep learning, natural language processing, generative AI and other relevant technologies to accelerate company objectives.

You will play a pivotal role in shaping our AI strategy by leading our efforts. You will possess a strong blend of technical expertise and business acumen, ensuring AI solutions not only address technical challenges but also deliver tangible business value and support our strategic objectives.

This is a highly strategic role that requires a resourceful individual with experience in a matrixed organizational environment, strong interpersonal skills, self-motivation, excellent communication skills, a solid background in technology and deep experience in growing the impact of emerging technologies through influence. Experience in successfully translating AI concepts into operationally and commercially viable solutions that generate a positive return on investment is crucial.

Essential Duties

Include, but are not limited to, the following:

Develop, articulate, and execute a comprehensive AI strategy aligned with Exact Sciences’ goals and objectives.
Collaborate with executive and senior leadership to ensure alignment between AI initiatives and overall business strategy.
Lead a cross-functional team of AI specialists, data scientists, and IT professionals, fostering a collaborative and innovative working environment.
Ensure the successful deployment of AI models, working closely with IT and business teams to integrate solutions into existing workflows.
Collaborate with Legal and Data Privacy on the creation of governance practices to ensure the ethical and responsible use of AI. Lead a program to enforce adherence to policies.
Collaborate with Research and Development on the development of state-of-the-art AI algorithms for cancer diagnostics.
Stay abreast of industry regulations and standards related to AI and data privacy, ensuring compliance within the life sciences domain.
Identify and cultivate strategic partnerships with external organizations, research institutions, and technology companies to enhance our capabilities and stay at the forefront of industry advancements.
Consistent demonstration of exceptional leadership qualities, including but not limited to the ability to attract and retain the best team, foster a culture of high performance, lead with integrity, humility, accountability, and courage, and set a clear vision to energize teams towards the future. 
Effectively manage, support, and guide your team, including, but not limited to delegating tasks and responsibilities, assess employee performance and provide helpful feedback and training opportunities.
Uphold company mission and values through accountability, innovation, integrity, quality, and teamwork.
Support and comply with the company’s Quality Management System policies and procedures.
Maintain regular and reliable attendance.
Ability to act with an inclusion mindset and model these behaviors for the organization.
Ability to travel 25% of working time away from work location, may include overnight/weekend travel.

Minimum Qualifications

Master’s degree in computer science, artificial intelligence, data science, or a related field, or equivalent work experience. A Ph.D. in Computer Science, Engineering, Statistics or Economics is highly desirable. An MBA is highly desirable.
Strong people-leadership capabilities, including but not limited to, the ability to grow talent, empower performance, and promote and model a healthy and respectful workplace.
Strong leadership and communication skills, with the ability to effectively convey technical concepts to non-technical stakeholders.
In-depth knowledge of machine learning, deep learning, generative AI, and other relevant technologies.
Familiarity with regulatory requirements and ethical considerations related to emerging technologies.
Extensive experience in the life sciences or healthcare industry, particularly in diagnostics.
Strong collaboration skills and commitment to interdisciplinary thinking - ability to work across teams focused on strategy, technology, and data in service to new product solutions.
Demonstrated experience in influencing change in a complex environment.
Superior communications skills (written and verbal) all levels including executive teams.
Negotiation and relationship-building skills, with high level of business and political acumen.
Ability to showcase success in handling ambiguous and dynamic projects - coordinating the work of a cross-functional team.
Ability to synthesize and distill complex issues and business problems.
Demonstrated ability to perform the essential duties of the position with or without accommodation.
Authorization to work in the United States without sponsorship.

Preferred Qualifications

Advanced degree in computer science, artificial intelligence, data science, or a related field.
10+ years of senior leadership experience.

Salary Range:

$204,000.00 - $326,000.00

The annual base salary shown is for this position located in US - WI - Madison on a full-time basis. In addition, this position is bonus eligible, and is eligible to receive company stock upon hire as well as annually.

Exact Sciences is proud to offer an employee experience that includes paid time off (including days for vacation, holidays, volunteering, and personal time), paid leave for parents and caregivers, a retirement savings plan, wellness support, and health benefits including medical, prescription drug, dental, and vision coverage. Learn more about our benefits.

Our success relies on the experiences and perspectives of a diverse team, and Exact Sciences fosters a culture where all employees can develop personally and professionally with a sense of respect and belonging. If you require an accommodation, please contact us here.

Not ready to apply? Join our talent community and stay up to date on what’s new at Exact Sciences.

We are an equal employment opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, color, creed, disability, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, and any other status protected by applicable local, state, or federal law. Any applicant or employee may request to view applicable portions of the company’s affirmative action program.

To view the Right to Work, E-Verify Employer, and Pay Transparency notices and Federal, Federal Contractor, and State employment law posters, visit our compliance hub. The documents summarize important details of the law and provide key points that you have a right to know.