About the job
Job Description

Our Business

We are a global leader in environmental consulting - made stronger with the recent acquisition of Wood’s Environment & Infrastructure business and Golder - with world-class expertise in environmental, social and governance (ESG), climate resiliency & sustainability (CRS), and earth sciences. Combined we have over 20,000 multidisciplinary professionals worldwide collaborating daily to protect and conserve natural landscapes, create firm foundations for communities to stand on, and champion sustainable development to combat climate change.

As part of the team, you will have access to an unparalleled network of resources and endless opportunities to collaborate on exciting projects with diverse teammates from across the globe.

This Opportunity

Nationally recognized as a Top 100 Internship Program, WSP USA hosts hundreds of interns across the United States to gain hands-on, meaningful work experience to enhance their education and professional aptitude. Our interns gain exposure to real projects while working side by side with senior staff. Through our Developing Professionals Network, interns gain mentorship, networking opportunities and lifelong career connections.

Our Enterprise Asset Management team is seeking a Data Science Intern - Fall 2024 to work out of Kennesaw, GA office. This temporary position is seeking individuals currently enrolled in an Undergraduate or Graduate degree program with an anticipated graduation date of May 2025 or later.

This internship is anticipated to take place during the Fall 2024 semester and may expect to include one or more of the following activities:

Assist in development effort of .NET MAUI mobile applications
Assist in web development tasks for ongoing client projects or with off-the-shelf commercial application developed in-house at WSP


Your Impact

Support a variety of software engineering tasks with the goal to develop technical, social, and ethical skills.
Learn basic principles of Software Engineering.
Understands and applies safety requirements
May, under supervision, evaluate or analyze compiled information following standard methods or specific instructions
Exercise responsible and ethical decision-making regarding company funds, resources and conduct, and adhere to WSP’s Code of Conduct and related policies and procedures.
Perform additional responsibilities as required by business needs.
Please note that there is no relocation or housing assistance associated with this internship.


Who You Are

Required Qualifications

Actively enrolled in an accredited Computer Science, or related, Undergraduate program.
Must be 18 or older.
Demonstrated interest in Computer Science or related field, and have a strong desire to advance skills related to WSP’s work and projects.
Competent interpersonal and communication skills when interacting with others, expressing ideas effectively and professionally to an engineering and non-engineering audience.
Capable of taking direction from leadership, mentors, and managers to executive projects.
Basic proficiency with technical writing, office automation, software, spreadsheets, technology, and tools.
Proven track record of upholding workplace safety and ability to abide by WSP’s health, safety and drug/alcohol and harassment policies.
Authorization to work in the United States at the start of the internship.


Preferred Qualifications

Actively enrolled in an accredited Computer Science and Engineering or related, Masters or PhD program.
Experience using C# and/or .NET MAUI experience is preferred.
Prior internship and leadership involvement on campus.


About WSP

 ABOUT US 

WSP USA is the U.S. operating company of WSP, one of the world's leading engineering and professional services firms. Dedicated to serving local communities, we are engineers, planners, technical experts, strategic advisors and construction management professionals. WSP USA designs lasting solutions in the buildings, transportation, energy, water and environment markets. With more than 15,000 employees in over 300 offices across the U.S., we partner with our clients to help communities prosper.

www.wsp.com

WSP provides a flexible and agile workplace model while meeting client needs. Employees are also afforded a comprehensive suite of benefits including medical, dental, vision, disability, life, and retirement savings focused on providing health and financial stability throughout the employee’s career.

At WSP, we want to give our employees the challenges they seek to grow their careers and knowledge base. Your daily contributions to your team will be essential in meeting client objectives, goals and challenges. Are you ready to get started?

WSP USA (and all of its U.S. companies) is an Equal Opportunity Employer Race/Age/Color/Religion/Sex/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity/National Origin/Disability or Protected Veteran Status.

The selected candidate must be authorized to work in the United States.

NOTICE TO THIRD PARTY AGENCIES:

WSP does not accept unsolicited resumes from recruiters, employment agencies, or other staffing services. Unsolicited resumes include any resume or hiring document sent to WSP in the absence of a signed Service Agreement where WSP has expressly requested recruitment/staffing services specific to the position at hand. Any unsolicited resumes, including those submitted to hiring managers or other business leaders, will become the property of WSP and WSP will have the right to hire that candidate without reservation – no fee or other compensation will be owed or paid to the recruiter, employment agency, or other staffing service.