About the job
Job Description

This posting is for Expression of Interest for Data Analysts in Houston, TX! This is not for a specific job or client, but to express your interest in Wood and working for Wood as a Data Analyst in Houston. 

The main functions of the Data Analyst include: performs data collection, analysis, validation and reporting. Develop Power Bi Reports. Designs, tests and documents processes, SQL queries, and stored procedures. Extracts and analyzes data from various sources, including databases, manual files, and external websites. Responds to data inquiries from various groups within an organization. Creates and publishes regularly scheduled and ad hoc reports. Documents reporting requirements and processes and validates data components as required. Requires experience with relational databases and knowledge of query tools and/or statistical software. Strong analytical and organizational skills also essential.

Location: Houston, TX

Other: Additional benefits of this role include a comprehensive benefits package (including medical, dental, vision, 401K with company match, and more), All offers of employment subject to passing of drug & alcohol screening

Authorization to work lawfully in the US without sponsorship from Wood is required

Responsibilities

Performs data collection, analysis, validation and reporting. 
Develop Power Bi Reports. Designs, tests and documents processes, SQL queries, and stored procedures. 
Extracts and analyzes data from various sources, including databases, manual files, and external websites. 
Responds to data inquiries from various groups within an organization. 
Creates and publishes regularly scheduled and ad hoc reports. 
Documents reporting requirements and processes and validates data components as required. 
Requires experience with relational databases and knowledge of query tools and/or statistical software. 
Strong analytical and organizational skills also essential.

Qualifications

 Bachelor's Degree (Engineer, Math, or Data Science Preferred)
 Three or more years of oil and gas industry experience, (data science or analytics within industry)
 Demonstrated Proficiency in newer Microsoft Technologies like Model Driven Apps, MS Fabric, Power BI, PowerApps, Power Automate Flow is a plus
 Extract, analyze, and validate large sets of data used to analyze trends. Experience in utilizing data analytics tools such as Power BI and Spotfire to author, publish, schedule, and optimize analytic solutions
 Acknowledged and consolidated experience within the Data domain - Data Management, Data Analytics, Data Warehouse, Business Intelligence, Advanced Analytics, etc.
 Proficiency with VBA (Visual Basic) coding and troubleshooting with ability to Develop, maintain, and troubleshoot complex internal MS Excel spreadsheets.
 Creates custom solutions or configuration options to solve operational or workflow issues. Ability to learn existing code, troubleshoot and present findings/analysis in a cohesive manner.
 Experience in programming language like Python, R and Java is preferred
 Team player willing to work on a variety of assignments to support the traders and other business users.
 Establishes responsible deadlines and personal work plans and manages time effectively.
 Ability to communicate problems and solutions effectively with business and technical stakeholders.
 Demonstrated proficiency with relational databases. Experience in writing complex SQL queries, Views, Stored procedures, and functions

About Us

Wood is a global leader in consulting and engineering, helping to unlock solutions to critical challenges in energy and materials markets. We provide consulting, projects and operations solutions in 60 countries, employing around 35,000 people. www.woodplc.com

Diversity Statement 

We are an equal opportunity employer that recognises the value of a diverse workforce. All suitably qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment on the basis of objective criteria and without regard to the following (which is a non-exhaustive list): race, colour, age, religion, gender, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, protected veteran status, or other characteristics in accordance with the relevant governing laws.