About the job
The Mission Of The Neurological Clinical Research Institute (NCRI) Is To Accelerate Translational Research In Neurological Disorders Through Initiating And Testing Novel Therapies By Custom-designing Research Protocols, By Bringing Efficacy Strategies And Infrastructure To Clinical Research And Implementing Observational And Interventional Clinical Trials. To Empower The NCRI On Its Mission, And To Capture And Manage Information From Clinical Research, The Center For Innovation And Bioinformatics Of The NCRI Develops, Maintains, And Deploys Software Platforms And Programs. Working Independently Under Minimal Supervision Of The Director, Center For Innovation And BioInformatics, The Data Analyst Will

 Support the technical and analytical capabilities of a talented multidisciplinary research team and other research consortia 
 Contribute to statistical analysis and visualization as needed for research projects and presentations 
 Assist in the conversion of multiple research studies into a common schema 

The NCRI is looking for a motivated team player with the ability to provide a high level of services while working on multiple projects simultaneously. The candidate will work independently, take initiative, and prioritize tasks as needed.

Principal Duties And Responsibilities

Relevant activities include, but are not limited to the following:

 Rapid assembly and manipulation of datasets for analysis 
 Assist with combining multiple studies into a common data dictionary 
 Provide consultation for manuscripts in collaboration with researchers. 
 Management, organization, and QC of datasets. Work with data managers and clinical research coordinators to flag outlier data. 
 Engineer datasets and data dashboards for use by Principal Investigators, Pharmaceutical Companies, and Other Researchers 
 Work with developing text-cleaning programs for unstructured data 

B.A., B.S. required. We are seeking those with training in the fields of neuroscience, biomedical engineering, biostatistics, applied mathematics or statistics. Individuals without formal training in these areas will be considered, but requisite experience and desired core skills will also be considered .

Skills/Abilities/Competencies Required

 Advanced computer skills, with the ability to manipulate large and varied datasets. 
 Experience with data manipulation in Excel, SQL, SAS and/or R 
 0-2 years’ experience as a data analysis. Experience may include co-ops and internships. 

Primary Location

MA-Boston-MGH Main Campus

Work Locations

MGH Main Campus

Job

Data/Analytics

Organization

Massachusetts General Hospital(MGH)

Schedule

Full-time

Standard Hours

40

Shift

Day Job

Employee Status

Regular

Recruiting Department

MGH Neurology Research

Job Posting

Aug 7, 2024