About the job
Discover. A brighter future.

With us, you’ll do meaningful work from Day 1. Our collaborative culture is built on three core behaviors: We Play to Win, We Get Better Every Day & We Succeed Together. And we mean it — we want you to grow and make a difference at one of the world's leading digital banking and payments companies. We value what makes you unique so that you have an opportunity to shine.

Come build your future, while being the reason millions of people find a brighter financial future with Discover.

Job Description

Employer: DFS Corporate Services LLC

Job Title: Data Engineer (multiple openings)

Job Location: Riverwoods, IL

Job Type: Full Time

Duties: Develops and troubleshoots data integration solutions with complex data transformations and provides guidance to other team members. Influences other team members to achieve commitments per guidance from Chapter Leads and actively contributes to agile ceremonies. Telecommuting and/or working from home may be permissible pursuant to company policies.

Requirements: Employer will accept a Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, or related field and 3 years of experience in the job offered or in a Software Developer-related occupation.

Position required skills: Position requires experience in the following:

 Leading the design and development of ETL data integration efforts in data warehouse environments to implement data solutions for business initiatives;
 Working with relational databases and Cloud-based technologies to design solutions and functionality aligning to business requirements;
 Utilizing previous design and architecture on large-scale ETL solutions;
 Understanding enterprise data warehouse data models and dimensional modeling concepts, source to target mapping and data integration architecture; and
 Handling multiple projects simultaneously while working effectively with business partners. 

Position eligible for incentives under Employee Referral Program

Rate of Pay: The base pay for this position generally ranges between $93,974 to $146,100. Additional incentives may be provided as part of a market competitive total compensation package. Factors, such as but not limited to, geographical location, relevant experience, education, and skill level may impact the pay for this position. We also offer a range of benefits and programs based on eligibility. Learn more at MyDiscoverBenefits.com.

QUALIFIED APPLICANTS: Please apply directly through our website by clicking on “Apply Now.”

Application Deadline

The application window for this position is anticipated to close on Sep-27-2024. We encourage you to apply as soon as possible. The posting may be available past this date, but it is not guaranteed.

Benefits

We also offer a range of benefits and programs based on eligibility. These benefits include:

Paid Parental Leave
Paid Time Off
401(k) Plan
Medical, Dental, Vision, & Health Savings Account
STD, Life, LTD and AD&D
Recognition Program
Education Assistance
Commuter Benefits
Family Support Programs
Employee Stock Purchase Plan

Learn more at mydiscoverbenefits.com.

What are you waiting for? Apply today!

All Discover employees place our customers at the very center of our work. To deliver on our promises to our customers, each of us contribute every day to a culture that values compliance and risk management.

Discover is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Discover is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, protected veteran status, or other legally protected status. (Know Your Rights & Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination Provision)

Discover complies with federal, state, and local laws applicable to qualified individuals with disabilities and is committed to providing reasonable accommodations. If you require a reasonable accommodation to search for a position, to complete an application, and/or to participate in an interview, please email HireAccommodation@discover.com. Any information you provide regarding your accommodation needs will be kept confidential and will only be used to determine and provide necessary accommodation.