About the job
Cargill’s size and scale allows us to make a positive impact in the world. Our purpose is to nourish the world in a safe, responsible and sustainable way.

Cargill is a family company providing food, ingredients, agricultural solutions and industrial products that are vital for living. We connect farmers with markets so they can prosper. We connect customers with ingredients so they can make meals people love. And we connect families with daily essentials — from eggs to edible oils, salt to skincare, feed to alternative fuel. Our 160,000 colleagues, operating in 70 countries, make essential products that touch billions of lives each day. Join us and reach your higher purpose at Cargill.

This position is in Cargill’s animal nutrition and health business, where we improve animal lives through better nutrition. Our team researches, innovates and creates solutions that deliver healthy results for our customers.

Your Internship:

Gain real experience. Learn from the best. See how your work matters.

Our internships are designed to prepare you for your career journey, not a final destination. When you join our team, you are welcomed into a community committed to providing you with a safe environment to learn, grow and cultivate your skills. With our expansive learning resources, our well-respected leaders, and our carefully curated development courses, you will be equipped to confidently solve tomorrow's global issues. And, truthfully, our future relies on you. Your innovative minds, your intentional collaboration, and your sincere desire to nourish the world. Your work may be local, but at Cargill, your impact will be global. Join our community to cultivate your curiosity, develop meaningful relationships and propel your career.

Trading Data & Analytics Internship:

Trading Data Analytics (TDA) is global team fueled by the fusion of many different disciplines and skillsets including agronomists, economists, statisticians, meteorologists, data scientists, and more. The team plays a central role in generating short--, medium--, and long--term market insights for Cargill’s global processing and trading businesses. The person in this role will build their knowledge of Cargill’s business and actively support the trading analytics efforts of the TDA team by working on one or more special projects. Potential projects include forecasting key components of agricultural commodity supply and demand or working with new alternative data sources to help create a trading signal. Expect exposure to several different areas of TDA team!

Your Work:

Develop and support supply and demand forecasting models for different commodities that will provide Cargill with an analytical edge
Understand basics of fundamental and quantitative analysis to analyze market pricing and data
Make occasional crop survey tours and interact with industry specialists

Key Capabilities for Success:

Strong analytical, quantitative, and problem-solving skills 
Sound judgment and decision-making skills, even when outcome is uncertain 
Comfortable taking and managing risks and challenging the status quo 
Strong oral and written communication skills; strong persuasion and negotiation skills 
Effective interpersonal skills; working in a team environment; coaching and developing others 
Essential leadership qualities of integrity, conviction and courage 
Motivated and driven to succeed 
Adaptable, flexible and able to work in a fast paced, price-volatile, changing environment 
Willing to relocate and accept challenging responsibilities 

Our Programming:

With comprehensive learning resources at your disposal, you can take your learning in any direction. 
As employees, interns receive access to volunteer and community outreach opportunities and paid time off for volunteer activities. 
Throughout the internship, interns and co-ops are invited to participate in events that will give exposure to leadership, provide development opportunities, and offer the ability to network with cross-functional interns/co-ops and employees across the U.S. 

Internship details:

Internships are typically 12 weeks in duration. 
Interns are paid hourly for time worked. 
Interns are responsible for transportation to and from work. 
Interns may have the opportunity to travel during their term. 
Interns who demonstrate outstanding performance and a curiosity to learn more may be offered an internship or full-time position to return the following year. 

Our Benefits:

No matter who you are or where you are, we have resources to meet your needs. As an intern, you’ll have access to a wide variety of programs to support you and help you succeed. Eligible programs and incentives include:

Paid time off*
Mental Health and Wellbeing program
Digital Learning Library
Housing and Relocation Assistance for those that qualify
Minnesota-based employees: Minnesota Sick and Safe Leave accruals of one hour for every 30 worked, up to 48 hours per calendar year unless otherwise provided by law. 

Our Network:

Your development is our priority. With our outstanding global network, you will establish relationships, acquire mentors, and build your professional contacts. Our program encourages and orchestrates networking opportunities that will benefit you now and in your future career. During the internship, you will also receive consistent support from university recruiting staff, mentors, colleagues, and your supervisor.

Our Vibrant Community:

At Cargill, you will be a part of our vibrant global community with a culture that celebrates diversity. This is a reflection of the clients we serve and generates an intellectually diverse set of employees. Business Resource Groups (BRGs) help us embrace our diversity, make our culture more inclusive and enhance our employees’ outstanding talents and perspectives to benefit our organization and employees.

Our U.S. Business Resource Groups include:

Asian Alliance Network, Cargill Young Professionals Network, Cargill Ability Network (iCAN), Cargill Ebony Council, Group Responsible for Orienting and Welcoming (GROW), Hispanic-Latino Council, Cargill Pride Network, Veterans & Military Support Network, and Cargill Women’s Network.

Job Locations:

Wayzata, MN
Office setting

Required Qualifications:

Right to work in the U.S. that is not based solely on possession of a student visa or a visa sponsored by a third-party employer
Currently pursuing a bachelor’s or master’s degree in Agronomy, Statistics, Data Science, Economics, Business or a related field graduating between December 2025 and Summer 2026
Candidates must be geographically flexible and willing to relocate to Wayzata, MN for an internship opportunity
Able to complete a 12-week internship in the summer (May/June - August 2025)
Proven ability to work optimally with individuals from a diverse set of backgrounds and cultures
Must possess a high degree of initiative and resourcefulness in completing work with limited guidance
Able to work with uncertainty in a statistical and methodical approach

Preferred Qualifications:

Programming and data modeling skills like using R, Python and Tableau, Power BI 
Knowledge of commodity markets to translate macro and micro events into local supply and demand distortions

Cargill is an equal opportunity employer and committed to providing accommodation to our job applicants with disabilities.