About the job
Research Data Analyst II
Data and Digital Services Data Analyst

Job Control: JC-443633
Classification: Research Data Analyst II
Working Title: Data and Digital Services Data Analyst
Annual Salary: $77,436.00 - $96,996.00
Apply by: 8/14/24
All applications must be submitted through the external link on CalCareers.

"At Caltrans, we foster a supportive environment that encourages open communication and mutual respect, empowering you to bring your best ideas forward. Our commitment to work-life balance ensures you have time to recharge and pursue personal passions, while our dedication to job security guarantees a stable and fulfilling career."

About the Position:
Under general supervision of the Data Science Branch Manager (Research Data Supervisor II) the Data and Digital Services Data Analyst (DDS RDA II) will independently perform a variety of tasks including data management, complex research, data analysis, and data visualization. As a Data Analyst, the incumbent will work collaboratively with a variety of teams and staff at Caltrans to develop data reports and stories, create data visualizations/maps and dashboards, identify data trends and patterns, and perform various related tasks. The DDS RDA II will be expected to seek and incorporate user feedback, develop and update their products in an iterative and agile manner using version control and statistical/data science programming tools (mainly Python). Prior knowledge in using Python, R, and version control (mainly Github) not required, but the selected candidate will be expect to use the tools on a regular basis after training.

The DDS RDA II will assist in the development of performance metrics and data products for use across Caltrans, including working on operational improvements and analytics for operations. The DDS RDA II will also develop public-facing transportation analytics products, including data hosted on the Caltrans Open Data Geoportal or web-hosted visualizations/dashboards supporting the California Integrated Mobility Program. The selected candidate will be part of the Data Science Branch comprised of additional Analysts and Specialists.
*See more details on the Duty Statement located on the job posting.

For questions please contact:
Hiring Unit Contact
HR Contact
(279) 789-2053
PMPPARFS@dot.ca.gov