About the job
Description

As an Amazon PostDoc, you will use your experience to initiate the design, development, execution, and implementation of scientific research projects. Working closely with fellow research scientists and product managers, you will use your expertise in modeling, statistics, and simulation to design models of new policies, simulate their performance, and evaluate their benefits and impacts on the cost, reliability, and speed of our fulfillment network.

Our teams are looking for experience in network and combinatorial optimization, algorithms, data structures, statistics, and/or machine learning. This position requires superior analytical thinking and the ability to apply technical and statistical knowledge to identify opportunities for real-world applications. You should be able to mine and analyze large data sets, and be proficient with the necessary programming and statistical analysis software/tools.

Additionally, at least 20% of your time will be dedicated to writing and publication opportunities throughout the year, allowing you to contribute to scientific literature and share your findings with the broader community. You will also benefit from mentorship provided by an Amazon Scholar, offering guidance and support to enhance your research and professional development.

Key job responsibilities

In This Role You Will

 Work closely with a senior science advisor, collaborate with other scientists and engineers, and be part of Amazon’s vibrant and diverse global science community.
 Publish your innovation in top-tier academic venues and hone your presentation skills.
 Be inspired by challenges and opportunities to invent cutting-edge techniques in your area(s) of expertise.

Basic Qualifications

PhD in a relevant field, received within 2 years of starting the Amazon program;

Proven publication record;

Experience in data science and quantitative research; and

Proficiency in software technologies relevant to subfield

Preferred Qualifications

Postdocs demonstrate the following preferred job qualifications:

 Ability to independently deliver results in a fast-paced environment
 Publications at top-tier, peer-reviewed conferences and/or journals
 Exceptional verbal and written communication skills
 Expert knowledge in modeling and performance, operationalization, and scalability of scientific techniques and establishing decision strategies

Required Application Materials

 CV, which lists all peer-reviewed publications and conferences,
 Research statement that outlines your research achievements and future research interests, and
 A journal article or book chapter that demonstrates your domain expertise.

Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us.


Company - Amazon.com Services LLC

Job ID: A2710407