About the job
About Baseten

We're a growing team of builders backed by top-tier investors including IVP, Spark Capital, and Sarah Guo at Conviction. ML teams at enterprises and category-defining AI-native companies like Descript, Bland, and Patreon use Baseten to power their core production workloads with best in class performance, security, and reliability. While we've unlocked PMF and secured Series B funding, the ML infrastructure market is massive and we're just getting started. If you're excited to work on engaging and relevant problems while building something new from the ground up, come join us!

THE ROLE

As a Forward Deployed Engineer at Baseten, you will partner with our customers to understand their problems and engineer ML solutions using Baseten’s open source Truss system. This role provides a unique front-row view into the opportunities and challenges facing companies who are implementing ML and AI solutions at scale.

This role can be particularly relevant for entrepreneurial individuals who desire to apply that experience in a highly technical role.

AS AN ENGINEER, YOU HAVE:

Demonstrated experience with one or more general-purpose programming languages in a production-level environment, with a preference for Python, given its relevance to ML projects.
Have a high level familiarity with AI/ML pipelines and the lifecycle of ML model development and deployment.
Can communicate effectively on complex technical topics.

BONUS POINTS:

If you have a track record of building or optimizing AI/ML projects, your experience will be highly valued in this role.

OUR CURRENT TECH STACK

Infrastructure — AWS + Kubernetes + Istio + Knative + Prometheus stack
Backend — Python + Django + Postgres + Redis
Frontend — React + TypeScript + GraphQL

What We Offer

Competitive compensation package (Unlimited PTO, 401k, covered healthcare premiums)
A unique opportunity to be part of a rapidly growing startup in one of the most exciting engineering fields of our era
An inclusive and supportive work culture that fosters learning and growth
Exposure to a variety of ML startups, offering unparalleled learning and networking opportunities

Apply Now to embark on a rewarding journey in shaping the future of AI! If you are a motivated individual with a passion for machine learning and a desire to be part of a collaborative and forward-thinking team, we would love to hear from you.

At Baseten, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive workplace. We provide equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, genetic information, disability, or veteran status.