About the job
This job is sourced from a job board. Learn More
We are a premium craft cannabis producer operating one of the largest indoor cannabis facilities in North America. True Harvest is passionate about growing only the best cannabis. We care about the health and well-being of our medical patients, our employees and our community. At True Harvest, we take personal pride in blending the art and science of growing only the finest cannabis, with exceptional aroma, flavor and effects. These qualities inspire our breeding efforts in search of the perfect combination of traits to deliver the absolute best cannabis experience. All of our meticulous plant care effort is about bringing out the fullest expression of the plant's genetic potential.

The candidate will have an exceptional work ethic and organizational skills, with close attention to detail. Must have experience working with medical marijuana and knowledgeable on growing techniques and plant care.

Our top candidates will align directly with our core values including integrity, a strong work ethic, dependability, accountability and have a positive attitude.

Duties And Essential Functions

Preparing marijuana biomass for extraction.
Operating extraction equipment.
Collecting and refining marijuana concentrates.
Engaging with filling and packaging processes and procedures.
Recording, and sometimes interpreting, processing data.
Following cleaning schedule/regimen.
Following all standard operating procedures regarding product creation and lab safety
Storing supplies and equipment and disposal of waste according to guidelines
Ensuring all workspaces are well-stocked and resourced.

Other Associated Factors

Ability to work around cannabis plants 
May need to lift, pull or push 50+ pounds and stand for long hours. May be required to lift boxes, plants, tools and various heavy implements.
Must be capable of sitting, squatting, standing, kneeling, bending, or walking throughout the work day and for extended periods of time.
Team oriented individual able to work under the direction of the Cultivation Manager and/or Leads.
Maintain clean, sanitary and organized work areas.
Self motivated and the ability to multi-task.
Actively involved in Workplace Safety in a warehouse setting.
Maintain compliance with any and all legal or company policies or regulations.
Able to work in a fast paced environment and the flexibility to adapt to change as needed.
Ensure proper procedures are followed and takes steps to update any outdate procedures.
Ability to be flexible with schedule and hours of the day.
Ability to handle exposure to fertilizer, dusts, odors, high heat, low temperature, humidity, different noise levels, plant pathogens and other environmental variables.
Ability to use general tools, hardware, ladder and building skills.
Ability to deal with problems and resolve them in a professional manner.
At least 21 years of age and authorized to work in the US.
Reliable transportation and valid driver's license.

Education And Experience

Minimum High School or G.E.D equivalent required.
Bachelor's degree in horticulture, agriculture, or plant science field is desirable.
Prior nursery, landscaping, and/or agricultural experience is required.
Experience in the medical cannabis industry or other alternative healthcare organizations is highly desirable.
The job description defines the general requirements and level of work. The description is not a complete list of all required responsibilities, duties and skill requirements. Other responsibilities may be added and the job description may be changed at any time.

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $15.00 - $18.00 per hour

COVID-19 considerations: We keep a high level of cleanliness throughout the facility including wearing of scrub uniforms, masks and all relevant PPE.