About the job
About The Role

This role is a data analyst in a communications world – straddling the intersection between numbers and messages. Daily, you’ll help your clients leverage data to best tell their story in a creative, clear, and concise way.

The Data Analytics Intern will assist the Data Analytics team with their respective accounts, as well as support the greater team in new business initiatives. They will work in tandem with a cross-disciplinary group of creatives, planners, and strategists to help execute the best programs for their clients. They will learn the ins and outs of setting the data strategy and execution of said plan for some of the biggest brands in the world.

Responsibilities

Extract, organize and aggregate data from media monitoring and digital platforms. 
Implement data rigor and structural organization following best practices for data cleansing, storing and verification. 
Interpret, analyze and communicate data findings (both visually and verbally) to internal stakeholders across Consumer, Corporate, Healthcare, and Technology verticals. 
Start connecting correlations within data sets and identifying changes over time. 
Establish relationships with Account and Digital partners to push forward a data-driven culture. 
Manage projects, time and workload independently.

Qualifications

6 months internship experience in a data driven role preferred.
Collaborative spirit, results driven with the ability to manage multiple priorities and work against deadlines.
Excellent written, verbal communication, and exceptional interpersonal skills are a must.
Basic-to-Intermediate Excel skills is a must.
Experience with data visualization tools, i.e. Tableau, Domo, Origami Logic, IBM Watson is a plus.
Experience with social and earned media measurement tools a plus.
MS Office proficiency is a must.
Must be pro-active, and able to operate effectively both independently and within a team.
Passion for digital, staying abreast of evolving trends and emerging platforms.
Strong organizational skills.

Pay rate: $18/hour USD

An employee’s pay position within the salary range will be based on several factors including, but not limited to, relevant education, qualifications, certifications, experience, skills, seniority, geographic location, performance, travel requirements, revenue-based metrics, any contractual agreements, and business or organizational needs. The range listed is just one component of DJEH’s total compensation package for employees. Other rewards may include annual bonuses, a Paid Time Off policy, and region-specific benefits.