About the job
At MFS, you will find a culture that supports you in doing what you do best. Our employees work together to reach better outcomes, favoring the strongest idea over the strongest individual. We put people first and demonstrate care and compassion for our community and each other. Because what we do matters - to us as valued professionals and to the millions of people and institutions who rely on us to help them build more secure and prosperous futures.

THE ROLE

The Machine Learning discipline is focused on developing the tools and supporting the delivery of process improvement and engineering through RPA solutions. This role acts as the subject matter expert within this space and leads the analysis, evaluation, programming and development of RPA solutions.

What You Will Do

 Design, develop and program algorithms to develop the structure for the business automation workflows utilizing Robotic Process Automation and or Artificial Intelligence. 
 Collaborate with business partners and team members to identify, evaluate, and make recommendations on complex business process automation opportunities and associated requirements. 
 Create and manage a process automation roadmap. 
 Analyze and challenge current processes; identify opportunities to simplify, streamline and automate using RPA or Machine Learning tools as a subject matter expert. 
 Plans and coordinates the integration, analysis and programming of multiple automation solutions. 
 Build and program new processes and objects using our development best-practices. 
 Facilitate the gathering and documentation of functional requirements together with business process owners and subject matter experts. 
 Coordinate the full development lifecycle, from analysis to development & testing until go-live and aftercare. 
 Monitor, update and troubleshoot production digital workers. 
 Maintaining expertise in industry leading practices in RPA/IPA, generative AI and machine learning. 


WHAT WE ARE LOOKING FOR

 Experience with developing workflows
 Knowledge of API based integration frameworks. 
 Experience with Robotic Process Automation tools. 
 Experience with Process Analysis, Design, Implementation and System Testing 
 Solid Problem-Solving and Analytics skills to understand complex requirements, define advanced technical/functional solutions, troubleshoot issues, and identify fixes. 
 6-8 years' experience with 5+ years of experience working with RPA/Machine learning. 
 Proven and demonstrable experience writing simple to complex code in RPA platforms such as XCeptor, Blue Prism, UI Path, Automation Anywhere, WorkFusion, etc. 
 Highly knowledgeable about architectural patterns, technology components, vendor solutions in the field of RPA and Machine Learning. 
 Experience in Financial Services is a plus. 


#MBLI

At MFS, we are dedicated to building a diverse, inclusive and authentic workplace. If you are excited about this role but your past experience doesn't align perfectly, we encourage you to apply - you might be just the right candidate for this role or others.

What we offer:

Generous time-off provided: including "Responsible time off" for many roles, paid company holidays when the US Stock Exchange is closed, plus paid volunteer time
Family Focus: Up to 20 weeks of paid leave for new parents, back-up care program, dependent care flexible spending account, adoption assistance, generous caregiver leave
Health and Welfare: Competitive medical, vision and dental plans, plus tax-free health savings accounts with company contributions
Wellness Programs: Robust wellness webinars, employee assistance program, gym reimbursement through our medical plans, fitness center discounts and more
Life & Disability Benefits: Company-paid basic life insurance and short-term disability
Financial Benefits: 401(k) savings plan, Defined Contribution plan- 15% of base salary invested into the Plan, competitive total compensation programs


MFS is a hybrid work environment (remote/onsite) unless otherwise stated in the job posting .

If any applicant is unable to complete an application or respond to a job opening because of a disability, please contact MFS at 617-954-5000 or email talent_acquisition@mfs.com for assistance.

MFS is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer and it is our policy to not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, disability, veteran status, or any other status protected by federal, state or local laws. Employees and applicants of MFS will not be subject to harassment on the basis of their status. Additionally, retaliation, including intimidation, threats, or coercion, because an employee or applicant has objected to discrimination, engaged or may engage in filing a complaint, assisted in a review, investigation, or hearing or have otherwise sought to obtain their legal rights under any Federal, State, or local EEO law is prohibited. Please see the Know Your Rights: Workplace Discrimination is Illegal document and Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination Provision , linked for your reference.