About the job
Netflix is one of the world’s leading entertainment services with 278 million paid memberships in over 190 countries enjoying TV series, films and games across a wide variety of genres and languages. Members can play, pause and resume watching as much as they want, anytime, anywhere, and can change their plans at any time.

The Role

Netflix is revolutionizing entertainment and shaping the evolution of storytelling around the world with over 270 million members in 190 countries.

We are focused on delivering an incredible customer experience, and when a Netflix member has a problem using Netflix, we want to quickly and thoroughly resolve their issue and get them back to streaming. Customer Service is one of the few areas where we hear directly from our members, and we engage with millions of them via phone and chat in 25 different languages. Within Data Science and Engineering (DSE), we use data to rigorously measure, optimize, and personalize our Customer Service investments to enable a delightful, efficient experience and to improve our product based on what our members tell us.

In this role, you’ll collaborate with data engineers, software engineers, and CS business owners to build reliable, scalable data pipelines, transform raw data into core business metrics, and work with custom visualization tools that surface CS insights. The team is small, so the role requires a high degree of autonomy, strong technical judgment, and the ability to span across the data stack, from pipeline development to business metrics and tools.

We’re Looking For

At least 4 years of experience engineering data pipelines using big data technologies (Hive, Presto, Spark, Flink) on medium to large-scale data sets (10s of millions of records). 
Strong data modeling skills. You design structures that are adaptable to changes in the source data or business processes. 
Strong proficiency in Python or Scala and passion for writing clean, supportable code. 
Advanced SQL skills and advocacy for data quality. 
Analytical aptitude to think through business problems (e.g. metrics development) and prioritize autonomously.
Strong communication and productive partnership with analysts, engineers, business leaders.

Netflix culture

Netflix's culture is an integral part of what makes us successful, and we approach diversity and inclusion seriously and thoughtfully. We are an equal-opportunity employer and celebrate diversity, recognizing that bringing together different perspectives and backgrounds helps build stronger teams.

Our compensation structure consists solely of an annual salary; we do not have bonuses. You choose each year how much of your compensation you want in salary versus stock options. To determine your personal top of market compensation, we rely on market indicators and consider your specific job family, background, skills, and experience to determine your compensation in the market range. The range for this role is $170,000 - $720,000.

Netflix provides comprehensive benefits including Health Plans, Mental Health support, a 401(k) Retirement Plan with employer match, Stock Option Program, Disability Programs, Health Savings and Flexible Spending Accounts, Family-forming benefits, and Life and Serious Injury Benefits. We also offer paid leave of absence programs. Full-time hourly employees accrue 35 days annually for paid time off to be used for vacation, holidays, and sick paid time off. Full-time salaried employees are immediately entitled to flexible time off. See more details about our Benefits here.

Netflix is a unique culture and environment. Learn more here.

We are an equal-opportunity employer and celebrate diversity, recognizing that diversity of thought and background builds stronger teams. We approach diversity and inclusion seriously and thoughtfully. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, ancestry, national origin, caste, sex, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity or expression, age, disability, medical condition, pregnancy, genetic makeup, marital status, or military service.

Job is open for no less than 20 days and will be removed when the position is filled.