About the job
ABOUT YOU

Are you an out of the box thinker? Are you passionate about solving business problems with the latest technology? If the answer is, “Yes!” then we have an exciting, internship opportunity for you. Who are we? We are ARCO, a Family of Construction Companies.

We are looking for a Data Engineer Intern to work part-time during the school year with our Technology Data & Analytics team in Brentwood, MO.

WHAT WE CAN OFFER YOU

The internship program in ARCO’s Technology Department is designed to provide hands-on on enterprise environments in a practical setting. Students get an opportunity to gain insight and meaningful experience and develop additional soft skills necessary while working at ARCO. Work part time during the school year while attending college classes. Full time working hours available in the summer.

We are dedicated to the well-being of our associates and are proud to be consistently recognized as a Best Place to Work.

Competitive hourly rate 
Flexible hours to accommodate your class schedule
Medical, dental, and vision insurance coverage when you Intern or Co-op with us for at least 3 months full time
Company sponsored lunches, and events
Stocked kitchen with coffee, soda, and snacks

At ARCO, our first core value is to treat people fairly and do the right thing. We are committed to building and sustaining a culture that supports diversity and inclusion. We are proud to be an equal opportunity employer, and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment.

From recruiting, training, and hiring practices to selecting our subcontractors, we understand that diversity of all those involved in the construction process enhances our ability to deliver the best solutions to our customers. We hire the best and the brightest from across the country - constructing a team of experts in architecture, design, engineering, project management, and business services.

A DAY IN THE LIFE

Coordinate activities with data source application owners to ensure integration, data integrity, and data quality
Translate business requirements into specifications and solutions
Uses azure data tools and applied principles to assist in deploying integration and production code
Create, update, and maintain system based on incoming change requests and break-fixes
Interact with team members when developing interfaces and researching and troubleshooting technical issues

NECESSARY QUALIFICATIONS

Enrolled in an Undergraduate or Graduate program in Computer Science, Engineering, Information Systems, Statistics, or relevant work experience
Must be able to work part-time during the school year. 
Experience with SQL, Azure Synapse or Fabric, and ADF
Experience with Python preferred but not required 
Proficient in Microsoft Office programs 
Excellent written and verbal communication skills, experience working with dispersed teams
Willingness and ability to work independently, as well as collaborate in team settings
Ability to take ownership of assigned project from start to finish
Eager to learn and expand skillset
Experience with or desire to learn how to use APIs
Strong troubleshooting, diagnostic and analytical skills
Attention to detail, exceptional follow-through, the ability to prioritize, stay organized, and multi-task in a fast-paced environment

MAKE YOUR MOVE 

With 38 offices in major cities across the United States, we are one of the most dynamic and fastest-growing construction companies in the nation. As a leader in the design/build industry ranking #3 on the ENR's Top 100 Design-Build Companies list, we know that the best work requires the best talent - that’s why we are always looking for the best and brightest to join our team of experts.

At ARCO, we are committed to taking care of our greatest asset - our team. From Project Managers to Interns and Co-ops, ARCO is dedicated to creating a workplace in which associates feel valued and empowered to succeed. From paid sabbaticals to premier compensation and everything in-between, we pride ourselves in making ARCO, not only a great place to work but the best place to build a career. From the moment an associate begins his or her career at ARCO, the opportunity for success is limitless.

ARCO does not accept unsolicited resumes from individual recruiters or third-party recruiting agencies without pre-approval from ARCO’s Human Resource team. Pre-approval is required before any external candidate can be submitted. ARCO will not be responsible for fees related to unsolicited resumes and for candidates who are sent directly to our hiring managers.