About the job
Overview

 LoanCare is now hiring full-time on-site customer service representatives starting rate $20.00/Hour. 

 The shifts currently being offered are 10am-7pm EST w/ Rotating Saturdays or 11am - 8pm EST w/ Rotating Saturdays. 

If you’re in the Virginia Beach area and looking for a new career, LoanCare is a great fit. LoanCare’s headquarters are located at 3637 Sentara Way, Virginia Beach, VA 234521.

LoanCare, one of the leading national providers of full service subservicing and interim subservicing in the mortgage industry, seeks an individual with a history of progressive experience delivering service that exceeds expectations in a growing and inspiring industry. The ideal candidate will be a dynamic individual who rigorously advances our mission while consistently delivering exceptional service. If you possess presence and confidence in your ability to promote our core values of entrepreneurship and empowerment, now is the time to join our team and become a part of something big.

Who We Are

About us …

LoanCare is a top national provider in mortgage loan subservicing. The Company has been servicing loans for over 30 years and are known for superior customer support and digital innovation. Over $300 billion in asset value is managed by the team. LoanCare is part of Fidelity National Financial (NYSE: FNF), a leading provider of title insurance and transaction services to the real estate and mortgage industries.

What Does Someone in this Role Actually Do? 

 Assist homeowners with routine or complex issues and requests, in a high volume call center environment - ranging from 50 to 100 calls per day. 
 Use an advanced telephony system. 
 Explain mortgage-based process information: escrow, taxes, payment application. 
 Make decisions to resolve customer issues. 
 Navigate and enter data on a computer platform. 
 Provide exceptional customer service. 


What You Will Need:

 Prior customer service experience. Call Center experience is highly preferred. Bilingual -English/Spanish is a plus 
 Ability to provide excellent customer service and thrive in a high-volume call environment. 
 Excellent communication skills, both verbal and written. 
 Empathy and a strong desire to help others. 
 Advanced computer and multi-tasking skills with the ability to talk and type at the same time while navigating multiple systems and screens. 


Why You Will Love LoanCare:

 Competitive Compensation 
 On-the-Job Training to teach the foundations of mortgage loans 
 Strong Benefit Package - medical, vision, dental and life insurance; 401(K), employee stock purchase plan & paid parental leave 
 Opportunity to Grow Your Career 
 Paid Time Off – 2 weeks of vacation (pro-rated), 9 company paid holidays, 3 personal choice days and paid sick time. 
 Employee Discount Programs 
 Tuition Reimbursement s 
 LoanCare Recognition Program 
 Volunteer Program 


All new employees are required to complete a criminal background check and drug screening prior to on-boarding. Additionally, employment, education or other verification may be required as it relates to the position. This will be discussed at the time an offer is presented and cannot be completed without your consent. LoanCare remains in legal compliance with all client, local and federal requirements.

Responsibilities

 Handle inbound and outbound calls from customers in a fast-paced environment, while maintaining established performance metrics expectations and delivering quality service to our customers 
 Take ownership of the Customer Experience, as well as demonstrate attributes in accordance with the LoanCare brand experience expectations 
 Utilize good judgment and understanding of process and procedures to effectively make decisions to resolve customer issues 
 Obtain and evaluate all relevant information to handle inquiries and complaints accurately and efficiently 
 Accurately track and document all communications with customers to provide a detailed history of contact 
 Assist with identifying root causes and explain the best solution to resolve customer concerns in an expedient manner 
 Achieve monthly individual and team based targeted performance goals 
 Follow escalation procedures to address customer concerns requiring additional research or resources to resolve 
 Direct requests and unresolved issues to the designated resource 
 All other duties as assigned 


Qualifications

 High School Diploma or equivalent required 
 Two (2) years of Call Center or Customer Service experience preferred 
 Knowledge of customer service principles and practices 
 Excellent communication skills 
 Attention to detail and accuracy 
 Problem-solving skills and problem analysis 
 Basic mortgage product knowledge preferred 


Who We Are

LoanCare is a top national provider in mortgage loan subservicing. The Company has been servicing loans for over 30 years and are known for superior customer support and digital innovation. Over $300 billion in asset value is managed by the team. LoanCare is part of Fidelity National Financial (NYSE: FNF), a leading provider of title insurance and transaction services to the real estate and mortgage industries.

Essential Functions

Basic job duties an employee must be able to perform with, or without, reasonable accommodation.

Critical Thinking — Using logic and reasoning to identify the strengths and weaknesses of alternative solutions, conclusions or approaches to problems.

Reading Comprehension — Understanding written sentences and paragraphs in work related documents.

English Language — Knowledge of the structure and content of the English language including the meaning and spelling of words, rules of composition, and grammar.

Speaking — Talking to others to convey information effectively.

Active Learning — Understanding the implications of new information for both current and future problem-solving and decision-making.

Active Listening — Giving full attention to what other people is saying, taking time to understand the points being made, asking questions as appropriate, and not interrupting at inappropriate times.

Instructing — Teaching Others How To Do Something.

Judgment and Decision Making — Considering the relative costs and benefits of potential actions to choose the most appropriate one.

Time Management — Managing one's own time and the time of others.

Writing — Communicating effectively in writing as appropriate for the needs of the audience.

Complex Problem Solving — Identifying complex problems and reviewing related information to develop and evaluate options and implement solutions.

Deductive Reasoning — The ability to apply general rules to specific problems to produce answers that make sense.

Problem Sensitivity — The ability to tell when something is wrong or is likely to go wrong. It does not involve solving the problem, only recognizing there is a problem.

Written Comprehension — The ability to read and understand information and ideas presented in writing.

Inductive Reasoning — The ability to combine pieces of information to form general rules or conclusions (includes finding a relationship among seemingly unrelated events).

Information Ordering — The ability to arrange things or actions in a certain order or pattern according to a specific rule or set of rules (e.g., patterns of numbers, letters, words, pictures, mathematical operations).

Near Vision — The ability to see details at close range (within a few feet of the observer).

Oral Comprehension — The ability to listen to and understand information and ideas presented through spoken words and sentences.

Oral Expression — The ability to communicate information and ideas in speaking so others will understand.

Speech Recognition — The ability to identify and understand the speech of another person.

Speech Clarity — The ability to speak clearly so others can understand you.

WORK CONDITIONS

Working conditions are normal for an office environment. Ability to attend work and be productive during normal business hours and to work early, late, or weekend hours as needed for successful job performance. Overtime required as necessary. Essential functions are the basic job duties that an employee must be able to perform, with or without reasonable accommodation.

PHYSICAL DEMANDS

 Sitting up to 90% of time 
 Walking and standing up to 10% of time 
 Occasional lifting, stooping, kneeling, crouching, and reaching. 


EQUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY

LoanCare, its affiliates and subsidiaries, is an Equal Opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, disability, protected veteran status, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression (including transgender status), genetic information or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.

_______________________________________________________________________________