About the job
We are excited to be named one of the World’s Best Workplaces by Fortune Magazine! We are proud to offer you 12 paid holidays annually. For an overview of our benefits and time off, please follow this link to learn more:US Stryker employee benefits.

Who We Want:

Detail-oriented process improvers. Critical thinkers who naturally see opportunities to develop and optimize work processes – finding ways to simplify, standardize, and automate. 
Meticulous documenters. Detail-oriented people who enjoy maintaining meticulous documentation of reports, metrics, proposals, and presentations. 
Strategic thinkers. People who enjoy analyzing data or trends for the purposes of planning, forecasting, advising, budgeting, reporting, or sales opportunities. 
Dedicated achievers. People who thrive in a fast-paced environment and will stop at nothing to ensure a project is complete and meets regulations and expectations. 

What You Will Do:

Responsible for providing automated, accurate data sets that may be used by other data analysts or segments of the business.

In addition to responding to requests from the business, this position will also be responsible for identifying new opportunities and technologies to help drive a data-driven culture. This includes proposing new data reporting solutions for internal/external customers, identifying & demonstrating capabilities of new software platforms, and providing training & resources to help empower self-service analytics within the business.

Responsibilities may include:

Implement automated reporting dashboards to track key business metrics across multiple segments of the business.
Perform data analytics activities for quality system data.
Identify actionable insights and suggest recommendations to influence the direction of the business and cross-functional teams.
Participate in improvement by enhancing existing databases, data collection methods, statistical methods, technology, procedures, and training.
Work with cross-functional teams to determine analytic/statistical needs, define key metrics, measure business performance, and implement data-related initiatives/tasks.
Develop and maintain internal procedures and documentation that encompass the full lifecycle of data analytics-related activities.
Understand business objectives for data analytics and ensure adherence to established business and data processes.
Coach and mentor others in data analytics-related activities.

What You Will Need:

Basic Qualifications:

Bachelor’s degree in computer science, data analytics, mathematics, statistics, data science, or related field 
Excellent written and oral communication skills
Excellent organizational, problem-solving, and analytical skills
Demonstrated ability to conduct a careful study of data and information in a methodical way
Working knowledge of business intelligence and analytics platforms (e.g. Tableau, Power BI) and how to effectively utilize them within a business.

Preferred Qualifications:

Statistical background and/or demonstrated statistical experience
$87k - $136k salary plus bonus eligible + benefits. Actual minimum and maximum may vary based on location. Individual pay is based on skills, experience, and other relevant factors.

Health benefits include: Medical and prescription drug insurance, dental insurance, vision insurance, critical illness insurance, accident insurance, hospital indemnity insurance, personalized healthcare support, wellbeing program and tobacco cessation program. Financial benefits include: Health Savings Account (HSA), Flexible Spending Accounts (FSAs), 401(k) plan, Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP), basic life and AD&D insurance, and short-term disability insurance. Stryker offers innovative products and services in MedSurg, Neurotechnology, Orthopaedics and Spine that help improve patient and healthcare outcomes. Alongside its customers around the world, Stryker impacts more than 150 million patients annually. Depending on customer requirements employees and new hires in sales and field roles that require access to customer accounts as a function of the job may be required to obtain various vaccinations as an essential function of their role.