About the job
Description


Who are we and why should you join us?

BetterHelp is on a mission to remove the traditional barriers to therapy and make mental health care more accessible to everyone. Founded in 2013, we are now the world’s largest online therapy service – providing affordable and convenient therapy in 210 countries and over 60 languages across the globe. Our network of over 30,000 licensed therapists has helped millions of people take ownership of their mental health and change their lives forever. And we’re not stopping there – as the unmet need for mental health services continues to grow, BetterHelp is committed to being part of the solution.

As a Senior/Staff Data Scientist at BetterHelp, you’ll join a diverse team of licensed clinicians, engineers, product pros, creatives, marketers, and business leaders who share a passion for expanding access to therapy. And as a mental health company, we take employee mental health just as seriously as we do our mission. We deeply invest in our team’s well-being and professional development, because we know that business and individual growth go hand-in-hand. At BetterHelp, you’ll carve your own path, make an immediate impact, and be challenged every day – with a supportive community behind you the whole way.

What are we looking for?

BetterHelp is looking for a Senior/Staff Data Scientist to help us scale and increase our impact. You will use data to drive insight into the product and business with a focus. The ideal candidate would have experience analyzing large and complex data sets related to web products. You'll be doing plenty of experiment design and post-hoc analysis to support product improvements and business decisions.

What will you do?

Get insight from an enormous amount of data, and take a proactive role partnering with the product team in finding and testing data-driven ideas for improving our products.
Collaborate with the product team and development team to design effective, statistically rigorous experiments, including simple A/B tests as well as more advanced experiment designs that account for complexities such as network effects.
Monitor and analyze several product tests with statistical rigor, present the data and insights to the team, and drive product decisions.
Look at complex problems and come up with testable models and algorithms that have measurable business impact.
Enjoy great teamwork, have lots of fun, and take pride in building a world-class product that makes a difference in people's lives.

What will you NOT do?

You will NOT worry about "runway", "cash left", or "how much time we have until the next round". We have the startup DNA but we're fully backed and funded, all the way to success.
You will NOT be confined to your "job". You will get involved in product, marketing, business strategy, and almost everything we do.
You will NOT be bogged down by office politics, ego, or bad attitude. Only positive, pleasure-to-work-with people are allowed here!
You will NOT get yourself burned out. We work hard but we believe in maintaining a sustainable work/life balance. Really.

Can I work remotely?

Yes. We operate in Pacific Time and candidates in any time zone are welcome to apply. We also ask our employees to travel to our Mountain View, CA office up to six times per year to collaborate in person in order to build better working relationships and experience our in-office culture. Travel expenses will be covered and reasonable accommodations will be made for those under unique circumstances who cannot travel.


Requirements


BSc/MA in a quantitative discipline such as Statistics, Math, Economics, Computer Science, Operations Research, or Engineering
At least 5-8 years of experience in a quantitative data analysis role involving user behavior (e.g. marketing, product, UI/UX) and large data sets
Expertise in statistics, especially as it relates to hypothesis testing and experiment design
Experience analyzing A/B tests as well as experiments with more advanced statistical methods that deal with network effects or panel data
Experience building predictive models and causal inference models
Experience analyzing large and complex data sets to drive business insights and decisions
Expertise in using tools like R and Python for data analysis
Proven success supporting or making business decisions based on your data analysis
Excellent communication skills, with experience simplifying complex topics and communicating technical ideas with non-technical audiences.
Advanced experience with SQL


Bonus (Great To Have But Not Required)


Experience analyzing two-sided marketplaces
Experience with B2C, marketplace products
Experience with BI tools like Tableau and Looker


Benefits


Competitive compensation
Excellent health, dental, and vision coverage
401k benefits with employer matching contribution
Unrivaled perks program (including free therapy, UberEats, and more)
Remote work with regular in-person bonding experiences sponsored by the company
Office in the heart of downtown Mountain View, a three-minute walk from Caltrain
Commuter benefits, FSA accounts, and Employee Stock Purchase Programs
The chance to build something that changes lives – and that people love 
Any piece of hardware or software that will make you happy and productive
An awesome community of co-workers

The base salary range for this position is $150,000-$238,000. In addition to the base salary, this position is eligible for a performance bonus and the extensive benefits listed here (subject to eligibility requirements): Teladoc Health Benefits 2024. Total compensation is based on several factors – including, but not limited to, type of position, location, education level, work experience, and certifications. This information is applicable to all full-time positions.

At BetterHelp we thrive on difference and individuality, and as part of the Teladoc Health family, we are proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. We never have and never will discriminate against any job candidate or employee due to age, race, ethnicity, religion, sex, color, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, medical condition, marital status, parental status, disability, or Veteran status.