About the job
Job Description:

At Bank of America, we are guided by a common purpose to help make financial lives better through the power of every connection. Responsible Growth is how we run our company and how we deliver for our clients, teammates, communities and shareholders every day.

One of the keys to driving Responsible Growth is being a great place to work for our teammates around the world. We’re devoted to being a diverse and inclusive workplace for everyone. We hire individuals with a broad range of backgrounds and experiences and invest heavily in our teammates and their families by offering competitive benefits to support their physical, emotional, and financial well-being.

Bank of America believes both in the importance of working together and offering flexibility to our employees. We use a multi-faceted approach for flexibility, depending on the various roles in our organization.

Working at Bank of America will give you a great career with opportunities to learn, grow and make an impact, along with the power to make a difference. Join us!

Job Description:

This job is responsible for developing and delivering data solutions to accomplish technology and business goals and initiatives. Key responsibilities include performing code design and delivery tasks associated with the integration, cleaning, transformation, and control of data in operational and analytical data systems. Job expectations include working with stakeholders and Product and Software Engineering teams to aid with implementing data requirements, analyzing performance, and researching and troubleshooting data problems within system engineering domains.

Candidate will provide support to audit teams via a number of advanced automation tools to develop new testing methodologies that provide coverage for high-risk areas. Support may be in the form of issue validation, point-in-time audits, dashboard development, or audit planning. Candidate will be given the opportunity to learn and make use of sophisticated tools (SQL, Alteryx, Informatica, SAS, Tableau, SSRS, DataRobot etc) and technologies (Big data like Hadoop, Python/R Programming, AI/Data Science,) to provide customized automated solutions across multiple business segments. Day-to-day activities will include data extraction from multiple sources, performing advanced data analytics, and building dashboards. Opportunity exists for candidate to expand into predictive modeling, NLP solutions, and advanced analytics to provide deeper insight into the audit objectives.

Responsibilities:

Works across development teams to contribute to the story refinement and delivery of data requirements through the delivery life cycle
Leverages architecture components in solution development, codes solutions to integrate, clean, transform, and control data in operational and analytical data systems per acceptance criteria
Builds processes supporting data transformation, data structures, metadata, data quality controls, dependency, and workload management and defines and builds data pipelines and complex data sets to enable data-informed decision making, identifying and raising risks at all stages of the data engineering process
Develops and executes test plans to produce quantitative results, contributes to existing test suites including integration, regression, and performance, analyzes test reports, identifies test issues and errors, and triages underlying causes
Drives complex information technology projects to ensure on-time delivery and adheres to team delivery and release processes
Identifies, defines, and documents data engineering requirements, communicating required information for deployment, maintenance, support, and business functionality
Works with technology partners and a diverse set of stakeholders to identify and close gaps in data management standards adherence, negotiates paths forward, and helps identify and communicate solutions to complex data problems leveraging knowledge of information systems, techniques, and processes
Independently develop automated testing solutions using a variety of technologies (SQL, Alteryx, SAS, Python, Tableau, etc.)
Responsible for multiple projects simultaneously.
Utilizes sound, seasoned analytical skills and possesses product, business, and technical expertise to execute assigned responsibilities.
Coordinates, schedules, scopes, and leads data automation activities on audits (incl. large, cross-functional reviews).
Leads data analysis of control deficiencies to drive actionable business impact, influences management on sufficiency of correctives actions, recommends audit rating.
Implements risk-based audit strategy. Exercise judgment and critical thinking to influence business partners.
Identifies control trends through data analysis in assigned business areas as well as assessing impact to the business and to the Bank overall by applying deep and broad business acumen.
Coaches/trains team in execution of data automation activities to support the audit plan.
Follow the lifecycle of our internal system for automation activities and ensure its data accuracy and completeness.
Ensure timely delivery of automation activities as per the point-in-time audit and issue validation timelines.

Managerial Responsibilities:

This position may also have responsibilities for managing associates. At Bank of America, all managers at this level demonstrate the following responsibilities, in addition to those specific to the role, listed above.

Diversity & Inclusion Champion: Creates an inclusive team where members are treated fairly and respectfully.
Manager of Process & Data: Demonstrates and expects process knowledge, data driven decisions, simplicity and continuous improvement.
Enterprise Advocate & Communicator: Delivers clear and concise messages that motivate, convey the “why” and connects contributions to business results.
Risk Manager: Leads and encourages the identification, escalation and resolution of potential risks.
People Manager & Coach: Knows and develops team members through coaching and feedback.
Financial Steward: Manages expenses and demonstrates an owner’s mindset.
Enterprise Talent Leader: Recruits, on-boards and develops talent, and supports talent mobility for career growth.
Driver of Business Outcomes: Delivers results through effective team management, structure, and routines.

Skills:

Analytical Thinking
Application Development
Data Management
DevOps Practices
Solution Design
Agile Practices
Collaboration
Decision Making
Risk Management
Test Engineering
Architecture
Business Acumen
Data Quality Management
Financial Management
Solution Delivery Process

Required Skills And Experience

3 years minimum experience in data extraction with ability to write SQL queries. 
3 years of Data Analytics, Alteryx Core Certification, SQL Training, Database knowledge. 
Skilled in the use of data wrangling and visualization tools such as Alteryx and Tableau. Understanding of Data Integration/ETL tools. Familiarity with DataRobot, Instabase, and UIPath are a plus.
Proven experience coordinating multiple projects/assignments simultaneously under minimal supervision and completing assigned tasks accurately and on a timely basis.
Must demonstrate strong attention to detail with excellent organization skills.
Excellent Communication skills (verbal and written)

Desired Skills And Experience

Advance SQL writing abilities
Knowledge of how to connect to data sources and extract and analyze data
Experience with Python is a plus
AI/Data Science Experience is a plus
Audit experience is a plus

Shift:

1st shift (United States of America)

Hours Per Week: 

40