About the job
Company Description

cPacket is the foundation of any observability or security solution, delivering unmatched network packet data to ensure zero downtime for businesses. Today’s zero downtime enterprises rely on high-speed, distributed networks to move at warp speed. But that speed demands line-speed network monitoring across hybrid environments to ensure uptime and reduce organizational threats. cPacket’s comprehensive solutions provide effective packet delivery to network and security tools along with industry-leading packet capture without the risk of a single dropped packet. 

Our Story

At cPacket, we're a close-knit team dedicated to success and innovation. We’re not afraid to take risks, we learn fast, and we’re experts in our field. Together, we’re redefining the network performance industry. If you’re curious, intelligent, and passionate about making a meaningful impact, cPacket is the place for you. Our world-class team of engineers includes software and hardware engineers, data scientists, and technologists with depth and expertise in the networking industry. If you like challenges and have the right attitude to take them head-on, you’ll love it at cPacket because we’re solving tough problems every day. We have an indomitable work ethic and we reject setbacks to always press forward even in the face of uncertainty. We are committed to growth - both professionally and personally.

The Job

Building a machine learning production infrastructure is one of the most challenging opportunities for companies transitioning to becoming an AI-driven organization. This position is an excellent opportunity for an experienced server-side developer to build expertise in this domain. 

You will be part of the team deploying a leading-edge AI/ML solution for cPacket customers. Our customers have on-premises and cloud-based deployments. You will work closely with our ML engineers and software developers to create scalable and durable platforms for cPacket unique machine learning insights. 


Responsibilities
Design the data pipeline and engineering infrastructure to support our cPacket machine learning system at scale 
Deploy models our data scientist build and turn them into a real machine learning product system 
Develop and deploy scalable tools and servers for our customers to handle machine learning training and inference 
Identify and evaluate new technologies to improve performance, maintenance and reliability of our ML system. 
Apply best practices to machine learning using Continuous Integration and Continuous deployment through automation 
Support model development with emphasis on auditability, versioning, and data security 
Create an environment that allows development, deployment, and testing of network machine learning models 
Develop best practices and deployment models for major cloud providers and on-premises environments 

Qualifications
Experience building end-to-end system as platform engineers, ML DevOps Engineer, or Data Engineer 
Strong software engineering skills demonstrated in complex multi-language systems 
Fluency in Python
Comfort with Linux administration 
Experience working with cloud computing and database system in a big data environment
Experience with customer integration in cloud environments using APIs
Experience developing and maintaining ML systems built using open source tools (Kubernetes, KubeFlow, MLFlow, ArgoCD, Docker …) 
Strong software testing, benchmarking, and continuous integration experience

Experience
5-7 years of experience in software engineering, with a focus on roles like platform engineering, ML DevOps, or data engineering.
2-3 years of experience specifically in machine learning operations or related fields, demonstrating hands-on experience with the deployment and maintenance of ML systems.

Our benefits:
Comprehensive healthcare plans
401k retirement plan with company match
Commuter benefits
Generous PTO policy