About the job
Reference:

240008KP

Responsibilities

Model and Valuation (MVA) team embedded within the Risk Management function in SG CIB is responsible for independent validation of pricing models and reserves methodologies. The team consists of a diversity of talents led by the head of MVA who is active in both industry and academic forums. Training, entrepreneurial spirit, and professional development are encouraged in this growing, dynamic team.

We are looking for an enthusiastic intern to join our team in the New York office in Model and Valuation team.

Tasks And Responsibilities

Your primary role, as part of the second Line of Defense on pricing models, is to review the first Line of Defense modeling proposal.

During your VIE mission you will be in charge of these responsibilities:

 Identify key risk factors associated with pricing models
 Evaluate conceptual soundness of model choice
 Challenge model assumptions
 Challenge model implementation: check model is implemented and working as intended, check and review implementation tests performed, review controls and procedures put in place
 Perform independent tests on the models (statistical tests, coherence tests, benchmarking, etc)
 Write validation reports comprising tests performed and findings
 Follow up on model recommendations and opine on the remediation sufficiency

Due to the VIE eligibility criteria, a questionnaire will be provided. Please make sure to answer all the questions for an efficient analysis of your application.

Required

 Profile required

PLEASE NOTE that since this program is primarily an international development program, candidates cannot apply to a VIE assignment in their own country of citizenship.

To facilitate the examination of your application by our English-speaking managers, we thank you for applying in English.

Studies & experience:

 Graduate with a Master degree from a Business/Engineering School or University with a specialization in Math/Physics/Computer Science/Engineering or similar field
 Understanding banking and market products, risk methodologies, practices and procedures, market risk management principles
 Valuable experience within a similar area

Language skills:

 Fluent in English

Technical, operational & soft skills:

 Strong analysis skills, especially notions of mathematics and computer science for finance (probability, stochastic calculus, and numerical methods)
 Strong ability in coding (like Python, C, …)
 Strong reasoning and communication skills
 Good communication and presentation skills
 Knowledge of Excel

The VIE assignment in a nutshell

This VIE in New York is to begin as soon as possible, but you need to plan 3 months between your application date and the beginning of your VIE assignment. It will last 18 months.

In case a visa is necessary, please make sure your passport is valid up to 6 months after the end of the VIE contract to not delay your departure.

The VIE is a specific contract, under Business France’s eligibility criteria, opened to candidates under 28 and from the member states of the European Economic Space. For further information (including your financial indemnities), please see Mon VIE-VIA Business France.

We would like to draw your attention to the fact there that your VIE mission could potentially get postponed, depending on the evolution of the health crisis and subjects to the decision made by the Crisis and Support Centre of the Ministry of Europe and Foreign Affairs (MEAE). In addition, the selected candidate will only be paid upon confirmation from Business France and arrival in the country of assignment.

 Why join us

As soon as you arrive, you will be integrated into our teams and will learn every day alongside our experts, who will support you in your tasks. Gradually, you will become more independent in your projects, making this experience a real career accelerator. You will also discover all the diversity of our businesses, in a sector that is constantly evolving and innovating.

At the end of your VIE, various opportunities could be offered to you, in France and abroad.

 Business insight

At Societe Generale, we are convinced that people are drivers of change, and that the world of tomorrow will be shaped by all their initiatives, from the smallest to the most ambitious.

Whether you’re joining us for a period of months, years or your entire career, together we can have a positive impact on the future. Creating, daring, innovating and taking action are part of our DNA.

If you too want to be directly involved, grow in a stimulating and caring environment, feel useful on a daily basis and develop or strengthen your expertise, you will feel right at home with us!

Still hesitating?

You should know that our employees can dedicate several days per year to solidarity actions during their working hours, including sponsoring people struggling with their orientation or professional integration, participating in the financial education of young apprentices, and sharing their skills with charities. There are many ways to get involved.

Societe Generale is an equal opportunity employer, and we are proud to make diversity a strength for our company. We are committed to recognizing and promoting the talents and achievements of our employees and staff, regardless of race, religion, color, national origin, sex, disability, age, gender, sexual orientation, and any other characteristic or status protected under applicable law.