About the job
Job Description:
 
 Pay Range: $46hr - $51hr
 
 Responsibilities: 
 Install, configure and support LAN, WAN,Wlan and telephony communications systems in a large enterprise and factory environment for a global corporation. 
 Primarily provide technical and networking administrative day to day support to internal customer Colorado users on all networking-related issues. 
 Also provides assistance to project teams on project implementation. 
 Analyze, troubleshoot and resolve complex and advanced regional networking/telephony problems and coordinate with vendors around Wan & Lan fault resolution. 
 Utilise network monitoring tools to proactively identify and investigate historical issues. 
 Provide problem isolation and resolution using Cisco software and diagnostics as well as third party software products. 
 Provide detailed documentation including as-built diagrams, system and network designs, and written recommendations to customers and the account team. 
 Coordinate the cabling infrastructure requirements and, accommodate moves, adds, changes as appropriate in the growth and support of the businesses. 
 Small Projects – leading and driving to a successful conclusion within the required timeframe. 
 Must be able to work on complex issues where analysis of situations or data requires an in-depth evaluation of variable factors. 
 Must exercise good judgment in selecting methods, techniques and evaluation criteria for obtaining results. 
 Must be able to follow company standard methods and procedures. 
 Good teamwork and communication skills are essential for success in this environment. 
 The successful candidate will be a self-starter, have good organizational and project skills, and will be strong on follow-up. 
 Excellent technical knowledge and troubleshooting aptitude is required. 
 Skills and Experience: 
 5+ years relevant experience with enterprise-level Local Area networks. 
 5+ years relevant experience with Enterprise level WAN networks preferably MPLS. 
 Experience in network infrastructure planning, testing, deployment, operations, and maintenance. 
 Experience with capacity planning, utilization review, and performance monitoring. 
 Tier 3 Global/Enterprise Network support background. 
 CCNP\CCIP and demonstrate capabilities at these levels. 
 Detailed knowledge of OSPF, BGP, EIGRP, and other common network protocols. 
 Highly skilled in MPLS / IP VPN technology. 
 Solid experience of all Cisco hardware especially configuring Cisco family of routers and switches. 
 IPT Platforms Knowledge – Cisco, Microsoft Teams. 
 Wlan platfrorms –Aruba. 
 Good knowledge of TCP/IP, DNS, DHCP. 
 Knowledgeable in Cisco & F5 Load Balancing desired. 
 Experience in Wan Optimization (Riverbed). 
 Experience in Remote Access technologies – Cisco ASA, Juniper SA. 
 Working knowledge of Microsoft Operating Systems, Active Directory /DNS/TCPIP. 
 Configuration of VLANs and ACL’s in Cisco IOS. 
 Experience in Network management and monitoring tools. 
 Experience working in an enterprise computing/datacenter environment. 
 Knowledge of ITIL processes and change management practices (Desirable). 
 Excellent communication skills, both oral and written. 
 Team player, strong contributor in teams. 
 Organized, responsible and highly detailed problem solver. 
 Qualifications: 
 Networking certifications, such as Cisco CCNA, CCNP, CCIE or in Network Security are strongly preferred.

Desired Skills and Experience
NETWORK