About the job
Department Information
At the California Department of Public Health (CDPH), equity, diversity, and inclusion are at the core of our mission to advance the health and well-being of California’s diverse people and communities. We are genuinely and strongly committed to cultivating and preserving a culture of inclusion and connectedness where we can grow and learn together with a diverse team of employees. In recruiting for team members, we welcome the unique contributions that you can bring to us and the work we do.

The Communicable Disease Emergency Response Program (CDER) supports and increases the reach and effectiveness of DCDC's preparation for and response to infectious disease emergencies, and infectious disease aspects of other disasters (e.g., fires, floods, earthquakes). CDER prepares for and assumes a leadership role in bioterrorism and other communicable disease emergencies with plans, guidelines, exercises, and interventions including community mitigation and infection prevention.

CDER develops and reviews policies and documents based on epidemiology and surveillance; public health planning, program implementation, and evaluation; and principles of effective communication and collaboration. CDER supports outbreak investigations, and leads investigations if requested, with other DCDC branches and programs.

CDER also coordinates the California Reportable Disease Information Exchange (CalREDIE), the statewide surveillance system for infectious diseases, outbreaks, and emergencies.

All California Department of Public Health (CDPH) employees perform work that is of the utmost importance, where each employee is important in supporting and promoting an environment of equity, diversity, and inclusivity, essential to the delivery of the department’s mission. All employees are valued and should understand that their contributions and the contributions of their team members derive from different cultures, backgrounds, and life experiences, supporting innovations in public health services and programs for California.

Job Description And Duties
This position supports the California Department of Public Health’s (CDPH) mission and strategic plan by optimizing data and technology by improving collection and reporting of data through the California Reportable Disease Information Exchange (CalREDIE) program, to enhance preparedness and response for emerging public health threats and is used by state and local public health officials and healthcare providers for communicable disease reporting and surveillance.

The Research Data Specialist I (RDS I), serves as a Data Team Analyst to ensure laboratories conducting testing for notifiable conditions are electronically reporting test results to public health, with timely and complete reports. 

The RDS I independently collect, manage, and analyze data, report results, evaluate reporting feeds, and communicate with laboratories, Enterprise Rhapsody team, and CalREDIE technical team, as needed to resolve identified issues in transmission or message structure or content. 

The RDS I onboard new data submitters. As needed, may also support other reporting projects.

The incumbent works under the general direction of the Research Data Manager of the Lab Reporting Unit.

Telework Information
This position may be eligible for telework up to three (3) days per week and is required to report in-person to the designated headquarters office location a minimum of two (2) days per week. The amount of telework permitted is at the discretion of the Department and is subject to change, consistent with CDPH’s Telework Program. All employees who telework are required to be California residents in accordance with Government Code 14200. Candidates who reside outside of the state of California may be interviewed; however, the selected candidate must have a primary residency in the state of California prior to appointment (and continue to maintain California residency) as a condition of employment. Failure to meet this requirement may result in the job offer being rescinded.

Business travel may be required, and reimbursement considers an employee’s designated headquarters office subject to regulations and bargaining unit contract provisions. All commute expenses to the designated headquarters office will be the responsibility of the selected candidate.

The headquarters office location for this position is identified in the attached duty statement.

Final Filing Date: 8/20/2024

Job Code #: JC-444633
Position #(s): 580-480-5742-007

Working Title: Reporting Analyst II 
Classification: RESEARCH DATA SPECIALIST I 
$6,752.00 - $8,452.00 A

Work Location: Sacramento County
Telework: Hybrid
Job Type: Permanent, Full Time

Should you have any questions regarding the application process, our Recruitment Team is ready to help you at Apply@cdph.ca.gov or (916) 445-0983.