About the job
Job Description:
 The Data Analyst is part of the Finance Team and reports to the Manager, Data Analytics. This position is responsible for analyzing financial data, interpreting the data, forecasting future trends, creating accurate data insights by using the company’s data and building reports, KPI’s, dashboards, and visualizations to highlight data trends and anomalies. The ideal candidate will develop and implement data collection systems, data analytics, and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality. We are seeking a technical, creative, and self-motivated individual who is a team player who can operate in a fast-paced, rapidly changing environment.
 What You'll Do:
Primary duties may include, but are not limited to:
Data Collection and Analysis
Collect, clean, and interpret data from various sources.
Analyze complex data sets to identify trends, patterns, and insights.
Reporting and Visualization
Develop reports and dashboards using data visualization tools.
Present findings in a clear and concise manner to stakeholders.
Statistical Analysis
Apply statistical techniques to analyze data and provide actionable insights.
Perform detailed data analysis, including descriptive, diagnostic, and predictive analytics.
Ability to collaborate and work well with people at various cross functional levels within the company.
Continuously develop tools/systems, automate processes, and provide enhanced reporting functionality.
Identify key data sources and utilize data-driven insights about important departmental metrics to improve business decisions.
 Skills, Capabilities, And Experiences:
2 to 4 years’ experience in data analysis.
Proven proficiency to understand and analyze financial data and provide recommendations to management that allows effective and efficient achievement of business objectives.
Must have expert level proficiency in Microsoft databases including Power BI, MS Access, and advanced level excel skills.
Knowledge of financial tools, such as NetSuite data warehouse, ERP, and Alteryx, is preferred.
Strong analytical and quantitative skills with attention to detail with utmost level of accuracy.
A data scientist who is expert at using reporting tools to pinpoint patterns, trends, and interrelationships between the various data sets.
Excellent time management skills with ability to handle multiple projects and deadlines simultaneously.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
 Who You Are:
Bachelor’s degree and or master’s degree in Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science, Information Management, or a related field.
Knowledge of healthcare industry trends, regulations, and financial metrics is preferred.
Proficiency in financial software and tools, such as NetSuite or other similar financial management software, is preferred.
Experience with Private Equity or Venture Capital-backed firms is preferred.
Trained in SQL/Alteryx and implementing a mid-market ERP/Financial System.
Able to build credibility and trust with all key stakeholders.
Exceptional business acumen with a high degree of integrity and ethics.
Able to manage multiple priorities with accuracy and efficiency, while meeting time-sensitive deadlines.

Benefits:
Health, Dental, Vision and Life
401k plan w/ 4% match
Paid Time off and Paid Holiday Time