About the job
You Lead the Way. We’ve Got Your Back

With the right backing, people and businesses have the power to progress in incredible ways. When you join Team Amex, you become part of a global and diverse community of colleagues with an unwavering commitment to back our customers, communities, and each other. Here, you’ll learn and grow as we help you create a career journey that’s unique and meaningful to you with benefits, programs, and flexibility that support you personally and professionally.

Join Team Amex and let's lead the way together.

At American Express, you’ll be recognized for your contributions, leadership, and impact—every colleague has the opportunity to share in the company’s success. Together, we’ll win as a team, striving to uphold our company values and powerful backing promise to provide the world’s best customer experience every day. And we’ll do it with the utmost integrity, and in an environment where everyone is seen, heard and feels like they belong.Join #TeamAmex and let’s lead the way together.

As part of our diverse tech team, you can architect, code and ship software that makes us an essential part of our customers’ digital lives. Here, you can work alongside talented engineers in an open, supportive, inclusive environment where your voice is valued, and you make your own decisions on what tech to use to solve challenging problems. American Express offers a range of opportunities to work with the latest technologies and encourages you to back the broader engineering community through open source. And because we understand the importance of keeping your skills fresh and relevant, we give you dedicated time to invest in your professional development. Find your place in technology on #TeamAmex.

The Chief Technology Officer Organization’s vision is to raise the bar for technical excellence, talent, strategy, and standards across Technology. It also seeks to cultivate and foster technical innovation, as well as elevate and amplify the technical heartbeat of the organization.

The Role:

This Data Architect position in Enterprise Architecture will be focused on Data Architecture. This role will work on the team to provide clarity on Data Lifecycle Management and Governance Architecture with prioritized risk mitigation, enable consistent data governance certification at scale, drive domain-by-domain data architecture, and create API-Centric data traceability, CIA and lineage by design, within FFIEC compliance. This role provides exciting opportunities in exploring GenAI in the lifecycle of the data.

Responsibilities:

Analyzes data requirements / data stories and corresponding data sources and data architecture 
Function as member of a software engineering team by contributing to software builds through consistent development practices (tools, common components, and documentation) 
Documents data requirements / data stories and maintains data models to ensure flawless integration into existing data architectures 
Runs data assets as per the enterprise standards, guidelines and policies 
Reviews and understands the processing requirements inclusive of data and transaction volumes, scalability, security and performance requirements 
Builds and enhances database design and infrastructure required to support the Business portfolio 
Assists in performing database design review and supports database testing 
Provides production environment support for database systems and processes 
Communicates and works collaboratively with business and product teams to support changes and implementation 
Write instructions to guide database operators during production runs 
Work on assigned database features for ongoing sprints and manage database requirements based on industry trends, new technologies, known defects, and issues 
Function as an active member if an agile team through consistent development practices (tools, components, and documentation) 
Finds opportunities to adopt innovative technologies 
Takes part in reviews of own work or with colleagues 
Work on prioritized/assigned features for ongoing sprints

Qualifications:

Up to 4 years of software development experience in a professional environment and/or comparable experience such as: 
 Understanding of Agile or other rapid application development methods
 Exposure to design and development across one or more database management systems (e.g. DB2 zOS, Cassandra, Couch, Oracle, MS SQL Server, PostgreSQL, Netezza (PDA/DB2AA)) as appropriate
 Exposure to methods relating to application and database design, development and automated testing
 Understanding of big data technology and NOSQL design and development with variety of data stores (document, column family, graph, etc.)
 General knowledge of distributed (multi-tiered) systems, algorithms, and relational & non-relational databases
 Bachelor’s Degree in computer science, computer science engineering, or related field required; advanced degree preferred
Able to establish, modify or maintain data structures and associated components according to design 
Understands Metadata Management and Database Management concepts 
Understands and documents business data requirements in complete, accurate, extensible and flexible logical data models using data modeling tools – ErStudio, ErWin 
Creates data models using the relevant tools and frameworks 
Understands XML/JSON and schema development/reuse, database concepts, database designs, Open Source and NoSQL concepts 
Partners with Sr. Data Engineers and Sr. Data architects to create platform level data models and database designs 
Good understanding and Technical knowledge of DBMS products and ecosystem – e.g. storage formats, access algorithms, data management processes, administration, data maintenance, replication, high availability, encryption, etc.” 
Ability to monitor and tune databases and DBMS’s to reach high performance – e.g. use data monitoring and analysis tools, tune configuration parameters, alter physical designs, benchmark, etc. 

Salary Range: $85,000.00 to $150,000.00 annually + bonus + benefits

The above represents the expected salary range for this job requisition. Ultimately, in determining your pay, we'll consider your location, experience, and other job-related factors.

We back our colleagues and their loved ones with benefits and programs that support their holistic well-being. That means we prioritize their physical, financial, and mental health through each stage of life. Benefits include:

Competitive base salaries 
Bonus incentives 
6% Company Match on retirement savings plan 
Free financial coaching and financial well-being support 
Comprehensive medical, dental, vision, life insurance, and disability benefits 
Flexible working model with hybrid, onsite or virtual arrangements depending on role and business need 
20+ weeks paid parental leave for all parents, regardless of gender, offered for pregnancy, adoption or surrogacy 
Free access to global on-site wellness centers staffed with nurses and doctors (depending on location) 
Free and confidential counseling support through our Healthy Minds program 
Career development and training opportunities

For a full list of Team Amex benefits, visit our Colleague Benefits Site.

American Express is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran status, disability status, age, or any other status protected by law.

We back our colleagues with the support they need to thrive, professionally and personally. That's why we have Amex Flex, our enterprise working model that provides greater flexibility to colleagues while ensuring we preserve the important aspects of our unique in-person culture. Depending on role and business needs, colleagues will either work onsite, in a hybrid model (combination of in-office and virtual days) or fully virtually.

US Job Seekers/Employees - Click here to view the “Know Your Rights” poster and the Pay Transparency Policy Statement.

If the links do not work, please copy and paste the following URLs in a new browser window: https://www.dol.gov/agencies/ofccp/posters to access the three posters.

Employment eligibility to work with American Express in the U.S. is required as the company will not pursue visa sponsorship for these positions.