About the job
R168781

Job Profile

Position Overview

At PNC, our people are our greatest differentiator and competitive advantage in the markets we serve. We are all united in delivering the best experience for our customers. We work together each day to foster an inclusive workplace culture where all of our employees feel respected, valued and have an opportunity to contribute to the company’s success. As a Data Analytics Undergraduate Intern within PNC's C&IB organization, you will be based in Pittsburgh, PA.

Job Description

Data Analytics Undergraduate Intern

As a PNC Intern, you will participate in a “best-in-class” internship program. During this 10-week program, you will have the opportunity to gain exposure to a specific line of business, expand the tools you need to launch your career and complement your education with real-world experience.

The Corporate & Institutional Banking (C&IB) and Asset Management Group (AMG) divisions are high-growth businesses within PNC committed to driving its growth through the use of advanced analytics and data science. The Data Analytics Internship Program provides interns with the opportunity to gain exposure to both divisions. Interns will support these businesses by providing analytical foresight and insight to help make effective business decisions related to client growth, product performance, operations and other business strategies.

Interns will gain exposure to a wide range of advanced analytical techniques to manipulate, analyze, interpret, and visualize various types, structures and volumes of data across C&IB and AMG. Interns will gain exposure to commercial portfolio analytics, data engineering, machine learning, and data visualization. It is expected that upon completion of the program, interns will have a stronger background in data analysis, computational modeling, programming languages and frameworks (SQL, Python, R, etc.), product development and deployment, exposure to the C&IB and AMG big data ecosystem and the ability to generate data-driven insights for the organization.

The Summer Internship Program is a direct pipeline for talent to the C&IB and AMG divisions, providing interns with an unparalleled opportunity to learn the business while gaining visibility among the firm’s senior leadership.

Opportunities in the Data Analytics Internship Program are primarily located in Pittsburgh.

Learn more about PNC’s Summer Internship by visiting www.pnc.jobs/students.

Job Profile

Participates as an intern in the PNC summer internship program.
Performs or assist the core activities of the group by applying knowledge learned to drive business results (e.g., deal, sales, process support, internal or external customer interaction, or supporting internal projects). Works under supervision and may have limited approval and/or exception authority.
Participates in social learning within the organization (e.g., identifies and networks with business representatives and peers, participates in mentoring, job shadowing and community outreach projects).

Required Education And Experience

Working toward a Bachelor's Degree, preferably STEM or business majors (e.g. Analytics, Data Science, Math, Statistics, Physics, Computer Science, Finance, Economics, Business). Other majors can be considered if there is a strong proven interest in data analytics.
Minimum GPA 3.2.

PNC provides equal opportunity to qualified persons regardless of race, color, sex, religion, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, veteran status, or other categories protected by law.

Qualifications

Successful candidates must demonstrate appropriate knowledge, skills, and abilities for a role. Listed below are skills, competencies, work experience, education, and required certifications/licensures needed to be successful in this position.

Competencies

Accuracy and Attention to Detail, Analytical Thinking, Effective Communications, Flexibility and Adaptability, Information Capture, Initiative, Products and Services, Self-Directed Growth and Development

Work Experience

Roles at this level are filled by recent university / college graduates with little or no professional experience, but possessing relevant skills. Includes individuals joining the organization through a Corporate development/ training program. In lieu of a degree, a comparable combination of education, job specific certification(s), and experience (including military service) may be considered.

Education

No Degree

Disability Accommodations Statement

If an accommodation is required to participate in the application process, please contact us via email at AccommodationRequest@pnc.com. Please include “accommodation request” in the subject line title and be sure to include your name, the job ID, and your preferred method of contact in the body of the email. Emails not related to accommodation requests will not receive responses. Applicants may also call 877-968-7762 and say "Workday" for accommodation assistance. All information provided will be kept confidential and will be used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations.

At PNC we foster an inclusive and accessible workplace. We provide reasonable accommodations to employment applicants and qualified individuals with a disability who need an accommodation to perform the essential functions of their positions.

Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO)

PNC provides equal employment opportunity to qualified persons regardless of race, color, sex, religion, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, veteran status, or other categories protected by law.

California Residents 

Refer to the California Consumer Privacy Act Privacy Notice to gain understanding of how PNC may use or disclose your personal information in our hiring practices.