About the job
About The Role

As a Mechatronics Junior Technician Apprentice, you will learn to perform the job of Mechatronics Junior Technician and install, alter, troubleshoot, repair, and maintain electronic, mechanical, computer, control, and robotics/automation equipment, systems, and components in a complex Fulfilment/Distribution Center through the completion of a comprehensive classroom, laboratory, and on-the-job learning program. Trains in and adheres to all health and safety policies and procedures.

Work Performed

As a Mechatronics Junior Technician Apprentice: Follows work processes closely at school and on the shop floor to ensure a safe environment while job shadowing with technical advisor in OJL. Communicates and works well within a team environment both in school and in OJL. Works capably with technical documentation. Works capably with a computer both in school and on the shop floor. Learns to perform work with material transfer conveyors by following the lead of experienced technical advisors. Learns to understand, identify, locate malfunctions, remove, replace, adjust, and return to service following the lead of experienced technical advisors. Learns PLCs and works with Automation Engineers in a laboratory environment. Learns to perform work with robotic systems and work with Robotics Engineers and OEMs in a real environment.

As a Mechatronics Junior Technician: Combines electronic, mechanical, computer and control skills at the workplace. Works with complex high-performance manufacturing systems and analyses, troubleshoots and repairs systems to maintain process efficiency. Understands and analyses the technical specifications of mechatronic systems, subsystems, modules and components; performs scheduled, predictive, and preventive maintenance to detect and prevent problems; uses troubleshooting skills to identify and prevent possible problems and failures, and to systematically and intelligently make repairs; incorporates relevant technical literature into the understanding of system operation and coordinate efforts with other technicians involved in installing or maintaining equipment or components; installs, repairs, adjusts, and tests equipment and components to ensure that systems function properly; communicates with machine operators, and operate equipment to detect equipment problems, analyze malfunctions, and verify system problems; and observes and incorporates safety standards and regulations required for safe operation of the system.

Basic Qualifications

18 years old or older with a high school diploma or GED. 
Must meet the minimum qualifying score on a Mechanical Aptitude Test. 
 Ability to travel to attend training at one of 3 training sites in Indiana, Pennsylvania, Georgia, North Carolina or Texas for 12 weeks Basic computer skills, i.e. email, word processing, reading spreadsheets, internet browser basics. 

Physical Demands

Repetitive bending, crouching, kneeling, reaching, twisting, sitting, standing, and walking
Lifting parts and tools weighing on average 20 pounds, occasionally weighing up to 49 pounds
Dexterity in eye/hand coordination, feet (foot pedals) manual (picking, pinching, holding, grasping), and wrist motion (repetitive flexion/rotation)
Working conditions may include small spaces, dust, fumes/odors, hot/cold temperatures, inside/outside noise, vibration, standing on concrete for long hours and wet or uneven surfaces