About the job
Navient’s wholly owned subsidiary Xtend Healthcare is seeking qualified professionals to fulfill a specific need at one of our key clients of EY (Ernst & Young). These full-time Navient Xtend Healthcare employee positions offer flexibility, attractive pay including premium-paid overtime, and an attractive benefits package (e.g., heavily subsidized insurance, significant paid time off, and matching 401k funding).

About Navient

Navient, (Nasdaq: NAVI) and subsidiary companies, provide technology-enabled education finance and business processing solutions that simplify complex programs and help millions of people achieve success. Our customer-focused, data-driven services deliver exceptional results for clients in education, healthcare, and government. Learn more at navient.com.

THESE POSITIONS ARE REMOTE (WORK FROM HOME).

Our Healthcare Data Analyst employees have data analytics, informatics or business backgrounds. They assist EY’s clients in complying with Medicare, Medicaid and other regulatory requirements, in addition to helping them receive the appropriate amount of reimbursement from these programs. These positions work with EY’s proprietary tools to analyze large volumes of hospital data. The candidates must employ various technical data manipulation techniques to analyze large complex data sets, identify data patterns, data mine, etc. Through training, candidates must learn and apply relevant regulations to compile data sets. Candidates must be able to communicate results of the analysis to project managers.

These positions work remotely with EY’s national healthcare reimbursement hub located in Indianapolis, Indiana. Applicants need not live in Indianapolis and may work remotely within the United States, although occasional travel to EY’s Indianapolis office may be required. EY is a globally recognized professional services firm and its Indianapolis healthcare consulting practice serves a variety of healthcare clients nationally. Navient Xtend Healthcare through EY offers our team members a highly inclusive, flexible work environment. Benefits also include the opportunity to develop and build upon deep technical skills and develop healthcare industry and consulting knowledge through on-the-job training.

The EY assignment is long-term with no scheduled end date. Many employees have been assigned to EY for multiple years, some well over fifteen years through retirement. Some individuals do occasionally travel to client sites for work, but travel is not required by most.

Job Summary

 Analyze large volumes of hospital data.
 Employ various techniques to analyze large complex data sets:
Data manipulation
Data mining
Identifying data patterns
 Learn and apply relevant regulations to compile data sets.
 Communicate results of analysis succinctly to project managers.

Minimum Requirements

Bachelor's Degree in Business, Informatics, Data Analytics, Finance, Accounting, or a related field (required).
2+ years’ experience in Business, Informatics, Data Analytics, Finance, Accounting, or a related field (required).
Intermediate level proficiency with Microsoft Excel required, with Microsoft Access, SQL or other database software experience recommended (required).
Successful reference check, background check and drug screening (required).
Acute attention to detail and strong analytical skills (required).

Preferred Qualifications

Experience with Medicare or Medicaid reimbursement, including cost reports, Medicare DSH, Worksheet S-10 and/or Medicare bad debts (significant advantage)
Strong written and verbal communication skills
Ability to employ critical thinking skills and work independently while also working well within a team environment
Receptiveness to differing views and ideas with the ability to apply industry-specific concepts
Highly adaptable to changing circumstances and/or directives in day-to-day priorities
Ability to perform well on frequent repetitive tasks while continually improving skills and competencies

All offers of employment are contingent on standard background checks. Navient and certain of its affiliated companies are federal, state and/or local government contractors. Should this position support a Federal Government contract, now or in the future, the successful candidate will be subject to a background check conducted by the U.S. Government to determine eligibility and suitability for federal contract employment for public trust or sensitive positions. Positions that support state and/or local contracts also may require additional background checks to determine eligibility and suitability.

EOE Race/Ethnicity/Sex/Disability/Protected Vet/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity. Navient Corporation and its subsidiaries are not sponsored by or agencies of the United States of America.

Navient is a drug free workplace.