About the job
Our mission at Talkspace is to help people heal. To get there, we need exceptionally passionate, bright, and motivated people. Want to help over one million people receive quality mental healthcare? Come join our mission of getting therapy in the hands of everyone! We are looking for a Data Analyst who believes, as we do, that digital therapy provides an unprecedented opportunity to improve mental health. At Talkspace, you’ll be working with people who are passionate about data, and excited to achieve our mission of bringing quality mental healthcare to all. As a Data Analyst, you will be a part of a collaborative and mission-driven Data Science and Machine Learning Team.

Please note: This position is NYC-based and will require in-person work 1-2 days a week at our NYC office.

About This Role

Data Analysis

Conduct qualitative and quantitative analysis to support Talkspace’s product initiatives with data-driven recommendations.
Collect analytical requirements, write database queries, and build automated reports for internal business stakeholders and external partners.
Think critically, test hypotheses, and leverage data to test and iterate on new product features and business strategies.

Communication & Teamwork

Work with a team of both technical and non-technical stakeholders to turn insight into action.
Communicate the story behind the data to non-technical stakeholders, translating insights into results.

Mental Health Outcomes

Use statistics to identify themes and trends that help us to understand and communicate how Talkspace is affecting patient mental health outcomes: What are we doing well and what do we need to improve?

About You

2-4 years of experience in an analytical role
BA/BS in quantitative field like statistics, applied mathematics, economics, computer science, or equivalent experience
Proficiency in SQL, python, and Excel / Google Sheets
Comfortable with statistics and data manipulation
Experience with data visualization software like Looker or Tableau
A creative problem solver who knows that the first step is to understand the question. 
A strong growth mindset and an interest in building out your data skillset with an emphasis on systems thinking
Eager to transform the solutions you create into new tools for the future

Compensation

At Talkspace, we believe that pay transparency during the interview process is a critical part of diversity, equity, and inclusion. The hourly rate is based on internal and external compensation benchmarks, which we regularly evaluate to ensure we pay competitively.

The base salary range for this role is between $100,000.00 and $120,000.00. Within the hourly rate, leveling corresponds to each candidate’s relevant experience, skills as assessed during the interview process, education, and applicable certifications.

Why Talkspace? 

Talkspace is the most comprehensive and convenient way to take care of your mental health and wellness, focused on providing quality mental health services on your own terms.

Our signature psychotherapy and psychiatry product connects individual users with a network of thousands of licensed mental health providers through an easy-to-use and HIPAA-compliant web and mobile platform. With Talkspace, users can connect their dedicated provider via live video, text, or phone.

Backed by over 10 years of industry-leading research and clinically proven results, our accessible care model continues to make huge strides in lowering the barriers to quality mental healthcare services nationwide. Talkspace is the top insurance-covered therapy service with over 112 million Americans covered and a leader within the Corporate Wellness Space, with more than 200 employer partnerships across several industries.

Our focus to help people feel better starts at Talkspace, where we connect and collaborate as a team to make the world a better place. Fun company-wide events, happy hours, wellness perks, flex PTO, access to Talkspace products, and competitive benefits are just some of the ways we make Talkspace a great place to work. Do you want to save the world? Come join us!

EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER

Talkspace welcomes and celebrates talent from all backgrounds, perspectives, and walks of life to foster an innovative and diverse workforce. We encourage you to apply, even if you don’t meet every qualification, if you believe you could make a great addition to this team. Come as you are and learn about the exciting opportunities on our team.

Individuals seeking employment at Talkspace are considered without regard to race, color, religious creed, sex, national origin, citizenship status, age, physical or mental disability, sexual orientation, marital, parental, veteran or military status, unfavorable military discharge, or any other status protected by applicable federal, state or local law.

How do we define Diversity, Equity, Inclusion, and Belonging at Talkspace? 

Diversity

Diversity encompasses the unique attributes of our employees as individuals. We value and embrace the richness arising from their varied backgrounds, perspectives, and experiences, which include, but are not limited to, age, ability, ethnicity, gender, race, and cultural background.

Equity

Equity refers to a fair and impartial workplace, aiming to ensure equal growth and advancement opportunities for all employees. This involves amplifying underrepresented voices, addressing unconscious biases, and providing inclusive, culturally competent mental health care.

Inclusion

Inclusion signifies the practice of granting equal access to opportunities and resources for all employees, particularly those who might otherwise be excluded or marginalized. It ensures that everyone feels a sense of belonging, value, support, and respect as an individual.

Belonging

Belonging reflects the affinity and positive relationships that develop among employees from diverse backgrounds when businesses actively promote diversity, equity, and inclusion in the workplace.