About the job
FALLC012039_1

Who We Are

NFP, an Aon Company, is a multi-year Best Places to Work award winner in Business Insurance who has also earned the 5-Star Diversity, Equity and Inclusion (DEI) award from Insurance Business magazine and the WORK180 employer endorsement. We are an organization of consultative advisors and problem solvers. We help companies and individuals around the globe address their most significant risk, workforce, wealth management and retirement challenges through custom solutions and a people-first approach. To learn more, please visit: https://www.NFP.com.

This is a hybrid position with in-office flexibility a few days a week.

Summary

Downloading, organizing and tracking client claims data. Preparing and peer-reviewing client reports.

Essential Duties And Responsibilities

Analyst will work in collaboration with Senior Underwriter and Senior Financial Analyst to prepare and review client deliverables ranging from monthly claims updates to annual renewal projections and rate developments. In support of senior positions, the analyst will be expected to pull source reporting in a timely and accurate fashion. Handling the data from raw source format to finished client-facing product will provide a great opportunity to learn the financial side of our business and how the data is used to drive conversation and craft client strategy.

Knowledge, Skills And/or Abilities

Proficient in Excel. Comfortable with technology
Demonstrated leadership experience in college, community, internship, or co-op experience
Strong organizational skills with the ability to handle multiple tasks in a fast-paced environment
Strong computer skills including proficiency with Microsoft Office applications
Customer service oriented
Strong problem solving ability
Cultivating relationship ability
Strong analytical skills
Excellent communication (verbal and writing) and interpersonal skills
Be able to initiate and follow through with independent projects
Proven client management expertise
Ability to manage multiple tasks in same time frame


Education And/or Experience

Rising senior of a four-year university preferred


What We Offer

Our PeopleFirst culture focuses on building and nurturing lifelong relationships with our employees because, at the end of the day, we exist to be there for others.

NFP and You... Better together!

NFP is an inclusive Equal Employment Opportunity employer.