About the job
Do you enjoy creating high-quality software that has a direct positive impact for users? Are you looking to join a motivated team that takes pride in their work and their culture? WebstaurantStore is an online supply company helping restaurants and businesses build themselves from the ground up. We sell everything from restaurant equipment, frozen lobster, shoes, and napkins + cutlery.

We are looking for an experienced Front-End Developer, with expertise in React and a depth of understanding in traditional web technologies like HTML, CSS, and TypeScript.

Requirements

2+ years of experience in front-end development.
Advanced proficiency in React and its principles.
Strong proficiency in JavaScript, TypeScript, CSS, HTML, and modern frontend build tools.
Excellent problem solving and analytical skills.
Demonstrated capability in crafting pixel-perfect UIs.
Ability to work closely with UX/UI designers, backend engineers, product managers, and other stakeholders to ensure a seamless and efficient development process.
Demonstrated ability to make technical decisions, balancing immediate needs and future considerations.
Motivation to share knowledge and expertise with team members through pair programming, documentation, and technical discussions.
Ability to contribute to the continuous improvement of team processes, coding standards, and development practices, fostering a culture of learning and growth.
Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal.

Nice to Haves

Experience in performance optimization using tools and practices.
Proven track record of architecting and implementing scalable front-end systems.
Experience with automated end-to-end testing.
Outstanding mentorship skills, with a commitment to helping others grow.

Things we value in a candidate:

Proactive - you are motivated to learn, and work collaboratively. You leave things better than you found them.
Dependability - you meet deadlines consistently and communicate roadblocks.
Problem solver - you can figure out random code bugs, or complex grid layouts.
Passion - you enjoy what you do, and getting to work with new technology.
Great communication - you can document your work, and keep others informed about your tasks.

Remote Work Qualifications

Access to a reliable and secure high-speed internet connection. Cable or fiber internet connections (at least 75mbps download/10mbps upload) are preferred, as satellite connections often cannot support the technologies used to perform day-to-day tasks.
Access to a home router and modem.
A dedicated home office space that is noise- and distraction-free. The space should have strong wireless connection or a wired Ethernet connection (wired connection is preferred, if possible).
A valid, physical address (apartment, suite, etc.). PO Boxes are not supported, as a physical address is required for you to receive your computer equipment.
The desire and ability to work and communicate with other team members via chat, webcam, etc.
Legal residents of one of the following states: (AK, AL, AR, AZ, CT, DE, FL, GA, IA, ID, IN, KS, KY, LA, MD, ME, MI, MN, MO, MS, NC, ND, NH, NM, NV, OH, OK, PA, SC, SD, TN, TX, UT, VA, VT, WI, WV, and WY). H-1B Visa Sponsorship Not Available, W2 only.