About the job
Job Description Summary

Job Description

Essential Functions / Responsibilities

Work with Data Scientists and Platform Engineers to build world class AI tools in the healthcare domain. Design, develop, and maintain deep learning frameworks, tools, and services. Utilize TensorFlow, Pytorch or other popular deep learning frameworks. Practice strong software development and testing principles and best practices including test-driven development (TDD), CI/CD, code refactoring, and coding standards. Evaluate new AI and software tools through POCs and propose solutions for implementation. Document guides, system design, reference architectures and implementations. Enable other engineers on the team to be more effective through design and code that is easy to extend and contribute to. Act as a technical leader who guides current and future technology choices.

Qualifications / Requirements

Master’s degree or equivalent in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Software Engineering or related field. Five (5) years of experience in software engineering, machine learning engineering for healthcare applications, cloud platforms and technologies for healthcare, production code in healthcare imaging domain, or a combination thereof. Work experience to include: Five (5) years of experience (including at least three (3) years in healthcare applications) in cloud platforms and technologies such as AWS, Docker, or Kubernetes; Five (5) years of experience (including at least three (3) years in healthcare domain) writing production code in python environment; Five (5) years of experience (including at least three (3) years of experience in healthcare domain) in Agile methodologies; Three (3) years of experience building and deploying machine learning models in healthcare domain; Two (2) years of experience with training and deployment tools for healthcare applications for large language models (such as PyTorch, DeepSpeed, NVIDIA Triton or Megatron); Three (3) years of experience with model deployment pipelines in production for healthcare applications using Docker, Kubernetes, NVIDIA Triton, and OpenVino; Three (3) years of experience deploying computer vision AI models in healthcare domain for imaging applications; Three (3) years of experience designing solutions for healthcare domain with AWS technologies (such as SageMaker, Lambda, S3, EC2, EKS, or API Gateway); and Five (5) years of experience with RESTful API development in Python, Flask, FastAPI, Celery, Gunicorn, or NGINX. Any and all experience may be gained concurrently.

Salary for this position is $215,197.00/yr.

Additional Eligibility Qualifications

GE HealthCare will only employ those who are legally authorized to work in the United States for this opening. Any offer of employment is conditioned upon the successful completion of a drug screen (as applicable). As a federal government contractor, GE HealthCare may in the future be required to have U.S. employees fully vaccinated against COVID-19. Some GE HealthCare customers currently have vaccination mandates that may apply to GE HealthCare employees.

For U.S. based positions only, the pay range for this position is $156,672.00-$235,008.00 Annual. It is not typical for an individual to be hired at or near the top of the pay range and compensation decisions are dependent on the facts and circumstances of each case. The specific compensation offered to a candidate may be influenced by a variety of factors including skills, qualifications, experience and location. In addition, this position may also be eligible to earn performance based incentive compensation, which may include cash bonus(es) and/or long term incentives (LTI). GE HealthCare offers a competitive benefits package, including not but limited to medical, dental, vision, paid time off, a 401(k) plan with employee and company contribution opportunities, life, disability, and accident insurance, and tuition reimbursement.

Additional Information

GE HealthCare offers a great work environment, professional development, challenging careers, and competitive compensation. GE HealthCare is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, national or ethnic origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, protected veteran status or other characteristics protected by law.

GE HealthCare will only employ those who are legally authorized to work in the United States for this opening. Any offer of employment is conditioned upon the successful completion of a drug screen (as applicable).

While GE HealthCare does not currently require U.S. employees to be vaccinated against COVID-19, some GE HealthCare customers have vaccination mandates that may apply to certain GE HealthCare employees.

Relocation Assistance Provided: No