About the job
Job Description

The Ford Data Engineer position is ideal for the technically oriented individual who has experience doing “all things data”, including designing data storage solutions, implementing data storage solutions, optimizing data storage solutions landing data, manipulating data and providing L2 support. In this role, you will collaborate with multiple organizations (Business Customers, Product Owners, Data Tech, IT) to convert business goals into data storage solutions. This role will work in small, cross functional teams and embrace lean and agile practices, software best practices, software quality scanning, automated testing, and CI/CD.

Responsibilities

POSITION DUTIES/RESPONSIBILITIES

REQUIREMENTS MANAGEMENT: Identify, document, communicate and design per requirements. 
DESIGN: Work with Data Product Owners to design data stores.
IMPLEMENT DATA STORES: Implement data stores on GCP, using DBT for transformations, BigQuery for data store and Astronomer for overall orchestration.
TEST: Participate in testing and adopt test driven development.
TUNE: Tune data stores (indexes, SQL queries) to improve performance.
L2 SUPPORT: Assist with customer inquiries and incidents/problems. 
COLLABORATE: Work within/across teams.


Qualifications

DEGREE

Requires a bachelor’s or foreign equivalent degree in computer science, information technology or a technology related field 


Required Skill

2-3 years of data engineering experience working with on-prem and cloud environments
Critical thinking and decision making
DA/DBA - Data Architecture (Data Design, Index Design, Referential Integrity)
DA/DBA - DB Create/Modify (DB Create/Modify tables, DDL export/import, Data export/import)
DA/DBA - Performance Tuning (DB-side identification of issues, SQL tuning, DB tuning)
Data Manipulation – GCP BigQuery, DBT
Data Pipeline Orchestration – Astronomer, GCP Cloud Scheduler
Strong communication – both verbal and written


Nice To Have Skills

DA/DBA - Data Steward – prior experience coordinating on-going landing of data
DA/DBA - Database Replication
DA/DBA - DB Create/Modify (Physical design)
DA/DBA – Security (FIM Groups, Ranger)
Data Manipulation - GCP (Big Query, Cloud Storage, Data Proc, etc.), Terraform, Airflow
Data Manipulation – PII (PII Policy, PII Scanning)
Data Manipulation – Python 
Data Manipulation - Streaming data (Kafka, MQTT)
L2/L3 support experience


You may not check every box, or your experience may look a little different from what we've outlined, but if you think you can bring value to Ford Motor Company, we encourage you to apply!

As an established global company, we offer the benefit of choice. You can choose what your Ford future will look like: will your story span the globe, or keep you close to home? Will your career be a deep dive into what you love, or a series of new teams and new skills? Will you be a leader, a changemaker, a technical expert, a culture builder…or all of the above? No matter what you choose, we offer a work life that works for you, including:

 Immediate medical, dental, and prescription drug coverage
 Flexible family care, parental leave, new parent ramp-up programs, subsidized back-up child care and more
 Vehicle discount program for employees and family members, and management leases
 Tuition assistance
 Established and active employee resource groups
 Paid time off for individual and team community service
 A generous schedule of paid holidays, including the week between Christmas and New Year’s Day
 Paid time off and the option to purchase additional vacation time.


For a detailed look at our benefits, click here:  Benefit Summary

This position is a salary grade 6-7.

This position is a range of salary grades 6-7.

Visa sponsorship is available for this position.

Candidates for positions with Ford Motor Company must be legally authorized to work in the United States. Verification of employment eligibility will be required at the time of hire.

We are an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to a culturally diverse workforce. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, age, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability status or protected veteran status. In the United States, If you need a reasonable accommodation for the online application process due to a disability, please call 1-888-336-0660.

#LI-Hybrid