About the job
Purpose of the role

To gather, analyse, and present risk data in a clear and concise manner to stakeholders across the organisation, facilitating informed decision-making, risk mitigation, and regulatory compliance.

Accountabilities


Development and maintenance of a variety of risk reports, including credit, market, operational, and liquidity risk reports, and regulatory reports.
Extraction of risk data from various sources, including internal systems, risk models, and external market data feeds.
Analysis of risk data to identify trends, patterns, and outliers, and assess the impact of risk exposures.
Monitoring key risk indicators and metrics to identify emerging risks and track the effectiveness of risk mitigation strategies.
Development and implementation of risk reporting improvements and automation initiatives.


Analyst Expectations


Will have an impact on the work of related teams within the area.
Partner with other functions and business areas.
Takes responsibility for end results of a team’s operational processing and activities.
Escalate breaches of policies / procedure appropriately.
Take responsibility for embedding new policies/ procedures adopted due to risk mitigation.
Advise and influence decision making within own area of expertise.
Take ownership for managing risk and strengthening controls in relation to the work you own or contribute to. Deliver your work and areas of responsibility in line with relevant rules, regulation and codes of conduct.
Maintain and continually build an understanding of how own sub-function integrates with function, alongside knowledge of the organisations products, services and processes within the function.
Demonstrate understanding of how areas coordinate and contribute to the achievement of the objectives of the organisation sub-function.
Make evaluative judgements based on the analysis of factual information, paying attention to detail.
Resolve problems by identifying and selecting solutions through the application of acquired technical experience and will be guided by precedents.
Guide and persuade team members and communicate complex / sensitive information.
Act as contact point for stakeholders outside of the immediate function, while building a network of contacts outside team and external to the organisation.


All colleagues will be expected to demonstrate the Barclays Values of Respect, Integrity, Service, Excellence and Stewardship – our moral compass, helping us do what we believe is right. They will also be expected to demonstrate the Barclays Mindset – to Empower, Challenge and Drive – the operating manual for how we behave.