About the job
Overview

AARP is the nation's largest nonprofit, nonpartisan organization dedicated to empowering people 50 and older to choose how they live as they age. With a nationwide presence, AARP strengthens communities and advocates for what matters most to the more than 100 million Americans 50-plus and their families health and financial security, and personal fulfillment. AARP also works for individuals in the marketplace by sparking new solutions and allowing carefully chosen, high-quality products and services to carry the AARP name. As a trusted source for news and information, AARP produces the nation's largest-circulation publications, AARP The Magazine and the AARP Bulletin.

AARP’s Policy, Research and International Affairs leads the development and communication of AARP’s public policies and, research and insights on the issues that matter to people 50-plus.

Fine-tune your research skills by interning with the dynamic AARP Library & Strategic Services team focused on research, insights, synthesis, innovation, personal growth, and emerging technologies. This internship will provide hands-on experience conducting, interpreting, and synthesizing secondary research findings using best-in-class innovative databases. In addition, you will gain experience building and designing web pages utilizing SharePoint and increase your library technical services skills. We seek a master's-level graduate student pursuing a degree in Library & Information Science, Research, or a related field. We'll challenge you to think and work innovatively on real-world projects. At the end of the internship, your rich experiences will open you up to various job options within the library field. AARP is committed to your growth and cultivating your continued learning and development. This paid internship has an anticipated start date of September 2024 and will go through the end of the year.

Responsibilities

Synthesize research findings from AARP’s collection of resources, including primary and secondary research, surveys, consumer and market research databases, academic journals, etc. Analyze and write up findings and insights; apply innovative thinking and problem-solving
Conduct literature reviews and market scans for stakeholders throughout the association and perform company due diligence and people vetting
Support technical services activities, including collection development, database management, building web pages, and copy cataloging
Proactively distribute research from a collection of resources to internal stakeholders, including contributing relevant research to issue area newsletters enterprise-wide
Provide face-to-face interactions at the Library’s Reference Desk and monitor and provide timely responses via the library’s internal communication channels to help manage project intake
Manage several projects simultaneously and answer ad-hoc research requests as assigned; assist in managing special projects and marketing internal library events
Explore and demonstrate emerging technologies in the AARP Library collection, such as virtual reality (VR) technology

Qualifications

Prospective intern must be enrolled in a Master’s-level degree program in Library and Information Science or a related field at an accredited college or university
Excellent research and legal search strategies in library databases (ProQuest, Westlaw, EBSCOhost, LexisNexis)
Excellent written, oral communication, and critical thinking skills and ability to synthesize research findings
Ability to identify, analyze, and solve problems creatively, inquisitiveness, organized, and keen attention to details
Ability to work independently and collaboratively as a member of the team
Ability to handle multiple tasks simultaneously and shift priorities as directed
A strong commitment to providing outstanding customer service
Advanced computer skills, including Microsoft Office Suite (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook)

AARP will not sponsor an employment visa for this position at this time.

Additional Requirements

Regular and reliable job attendance
Exhibit respect and understanding of others to maintain professional relationships
In office/open office environment with the ability to work effectively surrounded by moderate noise

Hybrid Work Environment

AARP observes Mondays and Fridays as remote workdays, except for essential functions. Remote work can only be done within the United States and its territories.

Compensation And Benefits

The hourly range is $18 for undergraduates, $21 for graduate students, and $28 for Ph.D. candidates. Internships are non-exempt positions and are not eligible for employee benefits.

Equal Employment Opportunity

AARP is an equal opportunity employer committed to hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive culture. AARP does not discriminate on the basis of race, ethnicity, religion, sex, color, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, mental or physical disability, genetic information, veteran status, or on any other basis prohibited by applicable law.