About the job
A247: Voice/Data Comm Engineer – 741319

Washington, DC

Duties & Responsibilities

As part of the OCFO ITAM team, this position is responsible for providing support to internal and remote users by installing, configuring, and upgrading OCFO mobile assets.
Serve as the first point of contact for customers seeking mobile asset related technical assistance over the phone or email
Monitoring and maintaining of OCFO mobile assets and reporting issues to Telecom ISP/Cloud Hosting Vendor (OCTO)using Service Now Portal ticketing system.
Managing Helpdesk Tickets of mobile asset related issues using Zendesk.
Perform technology refreshes, mobile devices iOS update in accordance with OCTO Intune policy
Ability to document work activities into meaningful incidents or tasks in the Zendesk system.
Performs all duties in accordance with OCFO policies and procedures
Maintain inventories of all OCFO mobile assets using the FCMS inventory and Verizon Portal to secure assets
Participate in the development of the documentation of mobile asset infrastructure and practices by providing written and/or verbal communications to effectively maintain a resource of standard practices.
Participate in meetings as required and directed to insure clear communication within IT Operations.
Install and move assets as required according to OCFO IT Operation processes.
Demonstrated experience delivering Intune Device Enrollment development and support
Understanding of Enterprise Mobility Security and Windows Server design, configuration and administration
System (hardware) and application(software) installation and configuration
System security and monitoring using installed tools as well as external tools
Provides technical direction and engineering knowledge for communications activities including planning, designing, developing, testing, installing and maintaining large communications networks.
Ensures that adequate and appropriate planning is provided to direct building architects and planners in building communications spaces and media pathways meet industry standards.
Develops, operates, and maintains voice, wireless, video, and data communications systems.
Provides complex engineering or analytical tasks and activities associated with one or more technical areas within the communications function.

Qualifications

1-5 years of experience developing, operating and Required maintaining voice, wireless video, and data comm systems
1-5 years of experience providing direction for communications activities related to large comm. networks
Troubleshoot daily telecom related issues in the areas of desk phones, call center applications, mobile devices, and data \\ voice ports
Proven experience with telecom system PBX\\ACD\\UIP
Proven experience in asset management in the areas of hardware and software
Good technical understanding of network, telecommunications, and mobile devices
Proven experience with Call Center Environment

Regards

Kanchan Illa

CSZNet, Inc.

Direct: 202-903-0969

Email: kanchan.illa@csznet.com