About the job
We offer competitive salary, full benefits package, Paid Time Off, and opportunities for professional growth.

Pinnacle Treatment Centers is a growing leader in addiction treatment services. We provide care across the nation touching the lives of more than 30,000 patients daily.

Our mission is to remove all barriers to recovery and transform individuals, families, and communities with treatment that works.

Our employees believe we are creating a better world where lives and communities are made whole again through comprehensive treatment.

As a Data Analyst, you will be responsible for the development and production of key operational metrics that are seen by the Company’s executive team and the board of directors. This position is critical to the improvement of financial operations and corporate outcome analysis. Working effectively with staff throughout the organization, the Data Analyst will maximize the data capabilities to support the Company’s ability to proactively enhance operations and make the best strategic decisions.

Requirements

BS/BA Degree in Software Engineering, Data Science, Business or Business Analytics
3-5 years of progressive experience in analytics or technology (healthcare industry preferred)

Preferred

Experience with an Electronic Health Record (EHR) system, Tableau, and data warehouse functions
Experience with clinical data outcomes such as BAM, PHQ-9, and the GAD
Multi-state, multi-site healthcare provider experience

Responsibilities

Database Reengineering
Analyze the accessibility and composure of data from each of the primary data sources.
Make decisions related to the storage and availability of the data and how to best migrate it from one system to the next.
Integrate all data connections to BI tool on a live extraction basis.
Join and blend data without pre-existing unique identifiers.
Manage change process when business systems are upgraded.
Determine how to accurately extract meaningful data from legacy systems.
Unify data to speak the same language.
Identify critical datapoints, test integrity, provide feedback on data collection.
Distill data to the simplest form.
Collect data and create reference tables and indexes to enhance comparative analysis.
Dashboard Automation Projects
Collaborate with clinical team to provide real-time insight on the impact of clinical programming changes on outcome based KPI’s.
Create a dashboard with real-time patient satisfaction survey analysis.
Dashboard audit results for the compliance and quality improvement team
Partner with RCM team to create a real-time dashboard to track and analyze eligibility authorization, appeal, and billing analysis.
Partner with operations team to provide real-time data that will help them reach their financial obligations.
Design all dashboards to be app, tablet, and desktop friendly.
Business Analysis
Analyze the Company’s outcomes from a clinical, financial, and operational perspective.
Highlight the positive performance for publication.
Research areas for improvement and provide recommendations to key operators.

Benefits

18 days PTO (Paid Time Off)
401k with company match
Company sponsored ongoing training and certification opportunities.
Full comprehensive benefits package including medical, dental, vision, short term disability, long term disability and accident insurance.
Discounted tuition and scholarships through Capella University

Join our team. Join our mission.

Pinnacle Treatment Centers is an equal employment opportunity employer and makes employment decisions based on merit and other legitimate business considerations. We want to have the best available persons in every job. Company policy prohibits unlawful discrimination based on race, traits historically associated with race, color, creed, religion, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions), parental leave, national origin, gender, gender identity, gender expression, age, ancestry, physical or mental disability, military and veteran status, marital status, sexual orientation, genetic characteristics or information, political affiliation, non-merit based factors or any other consideration made unlawful by applicable federal, state, or local laws. It also prohibits discrimination based on the perception that anyone has any of those characteristics or is associated with a person who has or is perceived as having any of those characteristics.