About the job
Role : Senior Technical Business Analyst

Location : Cincinnati, OH

Exp : 8+ years

W2 Contract

Job Description

We want them to be an experienced BA with SQL programming experience. The team really needs someone that is great with handling requirements (from working with the business users/stakeholder on collecting, drafting and communicating with others).

Business Analyst III - Data Engineering

GENERAL FUNCTION: The data engineer/business analyst designs solutions that help the bank manage, secure, and generate value from its data. The person in this role creates scalable and reusable solutions for gathering, collecting, storing, processing, and serving data on both small and very large (i.e. Big Data) scales. These solutions can include on-premise and cloud-based data platforms, and solutions in any of the following domains ETL, business intelligence, analytics, persistence (relational, NoSQL, data lakes), search, messaging, data warehousing, stream processing, and machine learning. Responsible and accountable for risk by openly exchanging ideas and opinions, elevating concerns, and personally following policies and procedures as defined. Accountable for always doing the right thing for customers and colleagues, and ensures that actions and behaviors drive a positive customer experience. While operating within the Bank's risk appetite, achieves results by consistently identifying, assessing, managing, monitoring, and reporting risks of all types.

Essential Duties And Responsibilities

 Ability to work independently, meet with line of business and ask questions to gain an understanding of their requirements. Critical thinking skills would then take those requirements and break them down into the lowest level what so that functional design can be completed.
Ability to collaborate with team members that are more technical and communicate those requirements in a way that allows the tech team members to understand them and determine the proper technical design.
 Ability to create clear and complete Test Acceptance criteria and execute the testing to ensure accurate output during Unit and UAT.
 Capable of creating and executing SQL scripts for ETL/data testing.
Conduct research and Development based on current trends and technologies related to the banking industry, data engineering and architecture, data security, and related topics.
 Ability to build CI/CD pipelines, Self-service Build tools, and automated deployment processes.
 Evaluate software products and Provide documented recommendations as needed.
 Provide Support and troubleshooting for data platforms. Must be willing to Provide escalated on-call Support for complicated and/or critical incidents.
 Plan and work on internal projects as needed, including legacy system replacement, Monitoring and analytics improvements, tool Development, and technical documentation.
 Provide guidance and mentoring for other team members.
 Manage and prioritize multiple assignments.

SUPERVISORY RESPONSIBLITIES: None

Minimum Knowledge, Skills, And Abilities Required

 Bachelor's degree in Computer Science/Information Systems or equivalent combination of education and experience.
 Strong communication skills- Must be able to communicate ideas both verbally and in writing to management, business and IT sponsors, and technical resources in language that is appropriate for each group.
 Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills when resolving data related issues or designing new solutions
 Technical skills – SQL (3-5 years of experience), DataStage (ETL), DBT, Snowflake, Python
 Conceptual understanding of one or more of the following disciplines preferred big data technologies and distributions, metadata management products, commercial ETL tools, Data Visualization and reporting tools, data warehousing, SQL, data testing, major cloud, or rest API design and development.
 Experienced in SDLC and can assist in Project Management. Able to understand release management protocols and manage important tasks for implementation.

Skills: etl,sql,big data,python