About the job
Description

Amazon Business is dedicated to serving the needs of business customers and we are focused on building the largest and most innovative Business-to-Business (B2B) marketplace in the world. We are recruiting a handful of the best and brightest to make this vision a reality.

Amazon Business represents an incredible opportunity to address a vast new market segment and customer base and is an area of high investment for Amazon. We are focused on building solutions to enable B2B customers to discover, research, and buy products and services from a vast selection, across multiple devices, marketplaces and regions. Our customers include individual entrepreneurs, small businesses to large multi-national companies that buy in either high frequency or in bulk quantities. Our B2B customers have different needs than the traditional Amazon customer and thus we have to reinvent everything from how we display our selection, price our products, and provide the right customer experience. We at Amazon Business Customer Service are redefining support strategy based on a service model that supports large orders, account health, and OPS growth and scalable across all AB customers.

Some qualities that we are looking for: you are results oriented (and have a track record of repeatedly delivering great results); you are an innovator (and have already proven it); you have the intellect and horsepower to solve really complex problems (some may say impossible to solve); you are an owner, and do what it takes to make your team successful; you have relentlessly high standards (some may say too high); you are customer obsessed; you operate well in an ambiguous environment; and finally, you have a burning desire to be a part of something really big.

Key job responsibilities

Collaborating with multiple teams across various functional areas and geographies worldwide to extract the business requirements and to propose strategic and tactical levers for developing the B2B marketplace.

Analyze and solve business problems at their root, stepping back to understand the broader context.

Identify, develop, manage, and execute analyses to uncover areas of opportunity and present written business recommendations that will shape the future of the Amazon Business CS.

Develop end-to-end self-service BI solutions to support decision making for the key stakeholders WW.

Guide business stakeholders on how to best utilize existing data deep dive and reporting solutions and to be autonomous in data analysis.

Research and implement novel approaches to enhance existing technical and business processes to improve customers and stakeholders experience.

Develop and roll out mathematical models and algorithms to understand customer and vendor behavior and needs.

Basic Qualifications

 Bachelor's degree
 2+ years of quality or customer-facing role experience
 Experience with Microsoft Office products and applications
 Experience with Excel

Preferred Qualifications

 Knowledge of reporting tools like Quicksight, Tableau, etc.
 Experience with Python, ML

Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us.


Company - Amazon.com Services LLC

Job ID: A2674258