About the job
Overview

Emory University is a leading research university that fosters excellence and attracts world-class talent to innovate today and prepare leaders for the future. We welcome candidates who can contribute to the diversity and excellence of our academic community.

Description

As a research assistant, Manav will be responsible for:

Aiding in the development of computational pathology algorithms and tools for the

identification and segmentation of histologic objects of interest

Collaborating with clinicians who provide insight on these histologic objects
Performing feature extraction on these histologic objects
Providing expertise on segmentation tasks.
Participating in weekly interdisciplinary laboratory meetings via zoom to discuss data

collected, contribute to the design of new experiments, and document the study progress

in his area of expertise.

Additionally For The Proposed Study, Manav Will Participate In

 supervision and design of training runs for machine learning tasks and workflows
 Machine learning-derived data integration and interpretation.
 Creation of manuscripts and presentations for any positive results

Additional Details

Emory University is dedicated to providing equal opportunities and equal access to all individuals regardless of race, color, religion, ethnic or national origin, gender, genetic information, age, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, and veteran's status. Emory University does not discriminate in admissions, educational programs, or employment on the basis of any factor stated above or prohibited under applicable law. Students, faculty, and staff are assured of participation in University programs and in the use of facilities without such discrimination. Emory University complies with Executive Order 11246, as amended, Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, the Vietnam Era Veteran's Readjustment Assistance Act, and applicable executive orders, federal and state regulations regarding nondiscrimination, equal opportunity and affirmative action. Emory University is committed to achieving a diverse workforce through application of its affirmative action, equal opportunity and nondiscrimination policy in all aspects of employment including recruitment, hiring, promotions, transfers, discipline, terminations, wage and salary administration, benefits, and training. Inquiries regarding this policy should be directed to the Emory University Department of Equity and Inclusion, 201 Dowman Drive, Administration Building, Atlanta, GA 30322.

Emory University is committed to providing reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities upon request. To request this document in an alternate format or to request a reasonable accommodation, please contact the Department of Accessibility Services at 404-727-9877 (V) | 404-712-2049 (TDD). Please note that one week advance notice is preferred.