About the job
Description

Amazon’s mission is to be ‘Earth’s most customer-centric company’, and our award-winning Customer Service (CS) team is an essential part of that mission. Amazon CS is one of the largest customer service organizations in the world. The Americas Customer Experience team in CS hires the world’s brightest minds, offering an environment in which they can relentlessly detect, design, and drive solutions to improve the Amazon customer experience. We do this every day by solving complex business and technical problems with ingenuity and simplicity. We are looking for an outstanding data engineer to join our team in building and maintaining end-to-end data and analytics solutions that drive business insights. This is your opportunity to be a core part of the team that reduces defects on behalf of our customers and enhance their experience.

On the Americas CS Analytics team, you will be surrounded by people that are exceptionally talented, bright, and driven, and believe that world class data infrastructure is critical to our success. As a Data Engineer of Americas CS, you will be responsible to design, implement, and support key datasets that provides structured and timely access to actionable business information with the needs of stakeholders always in view. You will collaborate with analysts, data engineers, business intelligence engineers, and software development engineers across Amazon to produce complete data solutions. You will help drive the architecture and technology choices that enable a world-class user experience. You will develop a broad range of new big data technologies to solve business problems and know when, how, and which to use and which not to use. You will encourage the organization to adopt next-generation data architecture strategies, proposing both data flows and storage solutions. You will continually improve ongoing reporting and analysis processes, automating or simplifying self-service support for customers. You will participate in developing technical strategy for turning data into actionable information and develop complex queries for ad hoc requests and projects, as well as ongoing reporting. You will optimize the performance of business-critical queries and dealing with ETL job-related issues. This is a high impact role with goals that directly impacts the bottom line of the business.

Key job responsibilities

 Build end-to-end data pipelines to ingest and transform data from different types of data sources and systems; from traditional ETL pipelines to event data streams and AWS Services
 Utilize data from disparate data sources to build meaningful datasets for analytics, reporting and ML use cases
 Evaluate and implement various big-data technologies and solutions (e.g. Redshift, Hive/EMR, Spark, SNS, SQS, Kinesis) to optimize processing of extremely large datasets
 Understand and analyze business processes, logical data models and relational database implementations
 Write high performing and optimized SQL queries
 Execute research projects, and generate practical results and recommendations
 Design and implement automated data processing solutions and data quality controls

A day in the life

If you are not sure that every qualification on the list above describes you exactly, we'd still love to hear from you! At Amazon, we value people with unique backgrounds, experiences, and skillsets. If you’re passionate about this role and want to make an impact on a global scale, please apply!

Amazon offers a full range of benefits that support you and eligible family members, including domestic partners and their children. Benefits can vary by location, the number of regularly scheduled hours you work, length of employment, and job status such as seasonal or temporary employment. The benefits that generally apply to regular, full-time employees include:

 Medical, Dental, and Vision Coverage
 Maternity and Parental Leave Options
 Paid Time Off (PTO)
 401(k) Plan

Basic Qualifications

 5+ years of data engineering experience
 Experience with data modeling, warehousing and building ETL pipelines
 Experience with SQL
 Experience in at least one modern scripting or programming language, such as Python, Java, Scala, or NodeJS
 Experience mentoring team members on best practices
 Bachelor's degree

Preferred Qualifications

 Experience with big data technologies such as: Hadoop, Hive, Spark, EMR
 Experience operating large data warehouses
 Knowledge of professional software engineering & best practices for full software development life cycle, including coding standards, software architectures, code reviews, source control management, continuous deployments, testing, and operational excellence

Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us.

Our compensation reflects the cost of labor across several US geographic markets. The base pay for this position ranges from $139,100/year in our lowest geographic market up to $240,500/year in our highest geographic market. Pay is based on a number of factors including market location and may vary depending on job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. Amazon is a total compensation company. Dependent on the position offered, equity, sign-on payments, and other forms of compensation may be provided as part of a total compensation package, in addition to a full range of medical, financial, and/or other benefits. For more information, please visit https://www.aboutamazon.com/workplace/employee-benefits. This position will remain posted until filled. Applicants should apply via our internal or external career site.


Company - Amazon.com Services LLC

Job ID: A2719641