About the job
Company Overview

Local Roots/Caregiver Patient Connection is a Massachusetts-based cannabis company created by cannabis advocates and experienced, craft cannabis professionals. At Local Roots, we strive to provide top-quality cannabis products using sustainable, earth-friendly methods with your happiness and wellness in mind.

Position Summary

This position reports directly to the Trim and Packaging Manager and is responsible for meeting all the listed requirements. The Harvest and Packaging Technician will be processing, packaging, and pre-rolling all post-cultivation plant material to ensure proper status for either packaging or extraction.

Responsibilities

Operation of all processing and packaging equipment.
Sanitation of all harvest equipment; twisters, grinders, carts, trays, totes, and sealers.
Operation of all harvest equipment.
Ensure proper handling throughout the transition of product from room to room.
Record and capture data precisely from all operations that are performed daily.
Optimize workflow and work efficiently.
Maintain consistent cure and processing parameters.
Communicate with cultivation to harvest mature plants in a timely manner. 
Maintain a clean work environment in all respective areas.
Ensure that proper protective equipment is being used.
Transparent communication with all team members.
Cutting plants, de-leafing/trimming, and shucking (dry and wet) cannabis plants
Ensure proper handling throughout the transition of product from room to room.
Record and capture data precisely from all operations that are performed daily.
Optimize workflow and work efficiently.
Maintain consistent processing parameters.
Maintain a clean work environment in all respective areas.
Ensure that proper protective equipment is being used.
Transparent communication with all team members. 
Operates within regulatory standards set by CCC and state/local authority.
Comply with CCC Agent Card renewal, annual CORI check and annual RVT training.
All other duties as assigned.

QUALIFICATONS 

High School degree or equivalent
Cannabis experience preferred.
Effective time-management skills and ability to multi-task.
Ability to work in a fast-paced, changing, and challenging environment.
Ability to perform repetitive tasks.
Must pass all required pre-employment screenings.
Must remain compliant with all legal and company regulations.
Must be approved to receive an Agent badge.

Requirements

Must be at minimum 21 years of age.
Available to work 40 hours per 7-day week.
Ability to commute/relocate to Framingham, MA 01702
Availability to shift work schedules according to production needs.
Ability to sit, stand, and kneel for extended periods.
Ability to lift up to 50lbs.
Must pass all required pre-employment screenings.
Ability to work directly with and around cannabis products, including but not limited to, fresh cannabis plant material, dried cannabis plant material, processed cannabis plant material, cannabis concentrates and cannabis derived oil.
Must remain compliant with company policy and state/local regulations.

Equal Opportunity Employment

Local Roots/Caregiver Patient Connection is an equal opportunity employer, and we welcome applications from all backgrounds regardless of race, color, religion, sex, ancestry, age, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or any other classification protected by law.

Job Type: Full-time

Salary: $18.00 per hour

Benefits

Dental Insurance
Employee assistance program
Employee discount
Health insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave
Vision insurance

Schedule

8-hour shift
Monday to Friday - occasional weekend shifts upon request

Salary: $18 per hour