About the job
Job Title: AI/Client Engineer

Location: Irving, TX (Onsite)

Job type:  H1B Accepted Fulltime only no C2C

Job Description

Good understanding and hands on with LLM (Llama, Mistral, Open AI APIs) Lang chain, Haystack, LlamaIndex.

Good experience in using Vector Database like Pinecone, Milvus, PGVector.

Good experience in building Python MS by invoking Open AI APIs/LLMs and facilitate the end-to-end conversation.

Handson experience and understanding on Python, FastAPIs, Pydantic etc.

Handson experience with Transformer Models (GPT) and fine-tuning models.

Handson exp with Knowledge Graph and using Graph Database like Neo4j.

Experience with Speech to Text Libraries will be added advantage.

Expertise In Core Python.

Road to Data Science.

Machine Learning and AI.

Deep Learning.

Responsibilities

Leads the management, execution, and delivery of large-scale programs (multi-year, large cost and scope, etc.) and/or the oversight and governance of programs to ensure alignment to the line of business strategic imperatives and to monitor program health.

Works to achieve multi-year program deadlines, scope, and overall program benefits. Defines multiple program strategies based on business demand and return on investment expectations.

Partner with customer leadership on establishing effective change & communication plan, information distribution, and cross-CoSA collaboration.

Enforces the agile process workflow and holds individual team members accountable for responsibilities and commitments.

Anticipates challenges, identifies risks, and recommends mitigations and solutions. Owns and drives those solutions. Encourages and coach teams to be self-accountable and self-empowered.

Leads key Agile meetings such as Scrum workshops to shape discussions and share best-in-class practices. Impeccable communication and time management skills, and expertise in project management and collaboration tools such as JIRA, Confluence etc.
Desired Skills and Experience
GENAI, GEN AI, GENERATIVE AI, LLM, LLAMA, MISTRAL, OPEN AI, OPENAI