About the job
Description

Are you interested in shaping the future of Advertising and B2B Sales? We are a growing science and engineering team with an exciting charter and need your passion, innovative thinking, and creativity to help take our products to new heights.

Amazon Advertising is one of Amazon's fastest growing and most profitable businesses, responsible for defining and delivering a collection of advertising products that drive discovery and sales. Our products are strategically important to our businesses driving long term growth. We deliver billions of ad impressions and millions of clicks and break fresh ground in product and technical innovations every day!

We are building a central AI/ML organization for Amazon Advertising Sales and are seeking top engineering talent to build new, science-backed services to drive success for our customers. Our goal is to transform the way account teams operate by ingesting Generative AI throughout their end-to-end workflows.

Why you will love this opportunity: Amazon has invested heavily in building a world-class advertising business. This team defines and delivers a collection of advertising products that drive discovery and sales. Our solutions generate billions in revenue and drive long-term growth for Amazon's Retail and Marketplace businesses. We deliver billions of ads impressions, millions of clicks daily, and break fresh ground to create world-class products. We are a highly motivated, collaborative, and fun-loving team with an entrepreneurial spirit with a broad mandate to experiment and innovate.

Impact and Career Growth: You will invent new experiences and influence customer-facing shopping experiences; this is your opportunity to work within the fastest growing businesses across all of Amazon! Define a long-term engineering vision for our advertising business, driven from our customers' needs, translating that direction into specific plans for engineering and product teams. This role combines engineering leadership, organizational ability, technical strength, product focus, and business understanding.

Key job responsibilities

As a Software Development Engineer, You Will

 Collaborate in the design, implementation, and deployment of successful internet-scale systems and services to support advertising business.
 Establish scalable, efficient, automated processes for large-scale data analysis, machine-learning model development, model validation and serving.
 Contribute to building an infrastructure that facilitates end-to-end ML workflows.
 Help define our secure, scalable and distributed systems.
 Work across teams with senior engineers, UX designers, product managers and data scientists to deliver high impact projects.
 Functionally decompose complex problems into simple, straight-forward solutions.
 Share your knowledge of the most effective performance, scalability, architecture, and engineering patterns and methods.

A day in the life

You will build scalable science services to integrate within account team workflows and UI systems. You will work with applied and data scientists developing sales intelligence powered by Generative AI, and put their models into production. You will oversee MLOps and monitoring of overall service health. You will partner with data teams to onboard new signals into our database, engineering teams to review high level and low level technical designs, and with sales leaders to understand our customer pain points and needs.

About The Team

Sales AI is a central science and engineering organization within Amazon Advertising Sales that powers selling motions and account team workflows via a suite of AI/ML services. Sales AI is investing in a range of sales intelligence models, including the development of Generative AI-powered applications to integrate natural language prompts backed by Large Language Models (LLMs) throughout account team workflows.

Basic Qualifications

 3+ years of non-internship professional software development experience
 2+ years of non-internship design or architecture (design patterns, reliability and scaling) of new and existing systems experience
 Experience programming with at least one software programming language

Preferred Qualifications

 3+ years of full software development life cycle, including coding standards, code reviews, source control management, build processes, testing, and operations experience
 Bachelor's degree in computer science or equivalent

Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us.

Our compensation reflects the cost of labor across several US geographic markets. The base pay for this position ranges from $129,300/year in our lowest geographic market up to $223,600/year in our highest geographic market. Pay is based on a number of factors including market location and may vary depending on job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. Amazon is a total compensation company. Dependent on the position offered, equity, sign-on payments, and other forms of compensation may be provided as part of a total compensation package, in addition to a full range of medical, financial, and/or other benefits. For more information, please visit https://www.aboutamazon.com/workplace/employee-benefits. This position will remain posted until filled. Applicants should apply via our internal or external career site.


Company - Amazon.com Services LLC

Job ID: A2726597