About the job
Job Description

Position Title: Data Protection (Privacy) Senior Manager

Location: Dallas, TX

Your role 

We are seeking an experienced Data Protection (Privacy) Senior Manager to join our organization. The IT function at Digital Realty takes responsibility to manage and secure some of the world’s most critical infrastructure on behalf of our customers. As the Data Protection (Privacy) Senior Manager you will be responsible for leading IT Data Protection/Privacy maturity efforts and ensuring that leading data protection practices are followed within the IT Organization. The candidate will work closely with the existing Privacy and Data Governance Programs.

What You’ll Do

 Collaborate closely with the Privacy program, Data Governance and other business functions involved in driving Data Protection requirements at DLR. 
 Support implementation and performing privacy impact assessments and data mapping to drive PIAs 
 Assist in ensuring successful and effective execution of IT data protection goals, implementation, as well as exceptional services in ongoing operation of DLR’s IT Data Protection objectives. 
 First point of contact for internal and external data privacy or protection inquiries within the IT organization. 
 Assists in the preparation, maintenance, and implementation of data protection policies and standard operating procedures. 
Ensures business strategies, plans and initiatives are driven/delivered in compliance with governing regulations, internal policies, and procedures.
Works closely with internal stakeholders to evaluate potential compliance areas to identify gaps and ensure full compliance with data protection & privacy regulations and requirements.
Facilitates discussions with business teams to educate them about applicable privacy/data protection requirements, including those relevant to cybersecurity controls.
Stays abreast of applicable federal and state privacy laws and accreditation standards and monitors advancements in information governance technologies to ensure that they support the Data Protection (Privacy) program and organization in adaptation and compliance efforts.
 Develops and executes metrics and dashboard reports to monitor the effectiveness of the IT data protection program. 
 Completes other duties as assigned. 

What You’ll Need

 Good understanding of global privacy and data protection regulations and frameworks, such as the GDPR, CCPA, CPRA, HIPAA, NIST, ISO, and more. 
 Good to have experience with tools such as OneTrust, Securiti.ai, WireWheel, and BigID across use cases such as data mapping, data discovery, privacy impact assessments, consent/preference management, cookie compliance, data subject rights, and more. 
 Ability to clearly communicate data protection and privacy issues verbally on both a formal and informal basis to all levels of the organization. 
Possessing a working understanding of risk management, organization-wide compliance programs, and corporate communications.
Data privacy, governance/risk/ compliance, and/or information security operations background is required.
Proactivity and an ability to work independently.
Excellent attention to detail and strong organizational skills.
A strong technology background is needed.
Good research skills with an ability to analyze and interpret complex information.
Understanding of data security in the cloud is desired.
Bachelor’s degree in computer science, information Technology, Data Science, or related fields. 
 6+ years of experience in a Data Protection or Privacy role or Cybersecurity with a focus on data protection. 
 Experience with regulatory compliance frameworks such as GDPR, CCPA, HIPAA, PCI DSS, ISO 27001, SOX, NIST CSF, etc. Ability to support IT assessment and audit efforts is a strong bonus. 
Excellent communication and partnering skills. 
Ability to build a strong data protection and privacy culture mindset framed by risk management and operational consistency across technical teams and business units.
Good project management, multitasking and organizational skills.
 Relevant certifications such as CIPP, CIPT, CIPM, CDPSE, are highly desirable. 

Proficiency in Microsoft Excel, PowerPoint, Power BI and other Microsoft Tools.

A Bit About Us

Digital Realty brings companies and data together by delivering the full spectrum of data center, colocation and interconnection solutions. PlatformDIGITAL®, the company’s global data center platform, provides customers with a secure data meeting place and a proven Pervasive Datacenter Architecture (PDx®) solution methodology for powering innovation and efficiently managing Data Gravity challenges. Digital Realty gives its customers access to the connected data communities that matter to them with a global data center footprint of 300+ facilities in 50+ metros across 25+ countries on six continents.

To learn more about Digital Realty, please visit digitalrealty.com or follow us on LinkedIn and Twitter .

A Bit About Our Digital Team

IT

Our IT team is at the heart of our business. We develop infrastructures, design and build networks, support servers and provide the first line of support by delivering rich connectivity for our customers. With new data centers coming online all the time, it’s a rapidly changing technical environment so our team is always ready to innovate and take the lead on projects. We constantly develop, deploy and support vital networks and data services that drive business performance and improve life for customers around the globe.

What We Can Offer You

Our rapidly evolving business sector offers the opportunity to be part of a courageous and passionate team who work together to understand and meet the changing needs of our global customers.

Join us and you’ll be part of a supportive and inclusive environment where you can bring your whole self to work. As part of our team, you’ll get to work with people from different business areas, challenge the way we do things and put your ideas into action. We’ll also give you plenty of development opportunities so you can build a rewarding and successful career with us.

Our Compensation Philosophy

Digital Realty offers its employees a highly competitive compensation package, excellent benefits, and an environment that recognizes and rewards your contributions. Central to our compensation philosophy is rewarding our employees for achieving the values and objectives aligned to the company's overall goals and values.

This is an exciting time to join our business so apply now and make your mark on our future.

Notes

The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by people assigned to this job. They are not intended to be an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties, and skills required of personnel so classified.

Digital Realty is an equal opportunity employer, EOE/AA/M/F/Vets/Disabled. All applicants will receive consideration for employment and will not be discriminated against on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, national origin, disability or protected veteran status, or other status protected by law or Company policy.

Digital Realty is a publicly traded company (NYSE: DLR) with investment grade ratings from all three major ratings agencies.

Please do not forward unsolicited resumes to any employee of Digital Realty and its subsidiaries. Digital Realty is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited referrals.