About the job
What You Need To Know

Open the door to a groundbreaking tech career with an industry leader. Southern Glazer’s Wine & Spirits is North America’s preeminent wine and spirits distributor, as well as a family-owned, privately held company with a 50+ year legacy of success. To create a new era in alcohol beverage sales and service, we’re heavily invested in the most transformative new technologies – and the most brilliant tech professionals. Southern Glazer’s was named by Newsweek as a Most Loved Workplace and is included on the Forbes lists for Largest Private Companies and Best Employers for Diversity.

As a full-time employee, you can choose from a full menu of our Top Shelf Benefits, including comprehensive medical and prescription drug coverage, dental and vision plans, tax-saving Flexible Spending Accounts, disability coverage, life insurance plans, and a 401(k) plan. We also offer tuition reimbursement, a wellness program, parental leave, vacation accrual, paid sick leave, and more.

We offer continuous learning and career growth in a fast-paced environment where you are respected, your voice is heard, and technology is part of our strategy for success. If you’re looking to fill your glass with opportunity, come join our FAMILY.

Overview

Reporting to the Director of Machine Learning Engineering the role requires a skilled Machine Learning Engineer to design, build, and deploy machine learning models that will help us derive actionable insights and solve complex problems. The ideal candidate will have a strong background in data science, programming, and machine learning algorithms and will be passionate about leveraging data to drive business decisions.

Primary Responsibilities

Build and deploy production grade Machine Learning models.
Work in the full lifecycle of ML model development, from data preparation and feature engineering to model training, evaluation, and deployment.
Deep technical proficiency in applying a variety of machine learning algorithms, techniques, and frameworks to solve complex business challenges.
Assemble modules into end-to-end systems, ensuring seamless integration and functionality.
Collaborate closely with Data Scientists to facilitate highly productive experimentation, model construction, and validation, fostering a sense of teamwork and shared success.
Exceptional programming skills in Python, with popular deep learning and natural language processing (NLP) tools and libraries, including Scikit-learn, Pandas, PyTorch, TensorFlow, or other leading deep learning frameworks, NLTK and spaCy for natural language processing tasks
Leverage Jupyter Notebooks for prototyping, experimentation, and collaboration.
Contribute to the continuous improvement of our machine learning systems by staying abreast of advancements in software engineering and machine learning. 

Experience

Minimum Qualifications

5+ Years of Experience with a BS or MS in Computer Science or equivalent education and experience
3+ years of experience on framework based Model development, optimization or efficient deep learning techniques

Technical Skills

Strong expertise in programming languages - Python, R, or Scala and technologies like Tensorflow, PyTorch, Kubernetes, Spark, Airflow, Kafka and Opensource LLMs.
Experience in working with petabyte scale data sets and developing ML frameworks in Databricks, Snowflake or similar large platforms.
Proficiency in machine learning and familiarity with open-source machine learning ecosystems.
Proficiency with CI/CD solutions in the context of MLOps and LLMOps including automation with IaC (ex: terraform).

Soft Skills

Excellent communication and collaboration skills.
Strategic thinker with a strong analytical mindset and problem-solving abilities.

Physical Demands

Physical demands include a considerable amount of time sitting and typing/keyboarding, using a computer (e.g., keyboard, mouse, and monitor), or adding machine
Physical demands with activity or condition may include walking, bending, reaching, standing, squatting, and stooping
May require occasional lifting/lowering, pushing, carrying, or pulling up to 20lbs

EEO Statement

Southern Glazer's Wine and Spirits, an Affirmative Action/EEO employer, prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type and provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training. Southern Glazer's Wine and Spirits provides competitive compensation based on estimated performance level consistent with the past relevant experience, knowledge, skills, abilities and education of employees. Unless otherwise expressly stated, any pay ranges posted here are estimates from outside of Southern Glazer's Wine and Spirits and do not reflect Southern Glazer's pay bands or ranges.