About the job
Company Overview

At Relativity Space, we have two audacious goals: to build the next great commercial launch company with Terran R and to become America's leading force in additive manufacturing innovation. Both contribute to our long-term vision of creating humanity’s industrial base on Mars, paving the way for interplanetary life to expand the possibilities of the human experience. This journey begins right here on Earth – where we design, build, and fly rockets to deliver customer payloads to orbit. Terran R, our medium-to-heavy lift reusable rocket, fulfills the growing demand for launch capacity, thanks to our iterative approach that accelerates design, testing, and development while minimizing costs. While our groundbreaking research and development in 3D printing pushes the boundaries of large-scale additive manufacturing.

Your journey with us is more than just a job – it’s an opportunity to shape the future of aerospace technology, additive manufacturing, and the human experience alongside a community of passionate, creative individuals. Join us on this extraordinary journey, as we work together to transform our vision into reality.

About The Team

The Factory Test team is responsible for hardware testing in our Long Beach facilities. We use our breadth of experience and collaborative engineering approach to support everything from very large structural tests to precise valve actuation. To that end, we design, build, and operate all test assets in Long Beach from initial concept to test execution. If you enjoy working on a multi-disciplinary team with a broad mandate and want to put hands-on hardware, then this is the team for you.

About The Role

As a Data and Control System Hardware Engineer, you will be responsible for design, build, and integration of data systems at our Long Beach facilities. The projects you work on will run test systems across the factory ranging from quick and scrappy development test setups to large permanent infrastructure. You will be required to be hands on with the hardware, working side-by-side with our technician team to build and debug your projects. Once your hardware is built, you will also work closely with our operations and software teams to integrate it with our in-house data and controls platform - including writing and debugging automation to control real hardware.

Your Projects Will Span a Variety Of Construction Methods, Sizes, And Applications. These Could Include Anything From Portable Data Systems To Large Motion Control Cabinets. The Kinds Of Hardware You Will Design And Work With May Include

 Commercial Data Acquisition Specifications
 Motion Control Cabinets
 AC / DC Power Distribution Systems
 Wiring Harnesses
 Selection and Integration of Test Stand Instrumentation
 Portable Data Systems
 Motor and Pump Control Cabinets

About You

 Bachelor’s degree in Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering, or related field.
 5+ years of experience developing, activating, and troubleshooting electrical and/or automated systems.
 Strong electrical engineering fundamental knowledge.
 Familiarity with data and control systems (SCADA, PLC’s, NI, Beckhoff, etc.)
 Experience specifying, selecting, and integrating sensors and actuators such as pressure transducers, RTDs, strain gages, thermocouples, solenoid valves, accelerometers, microphones, etc.
 Demonstrated ability to identify and mitigate risks in complex systems.
 No previous aerospace experience is required.

Nice To Haves But Not Required

 Experience using AutoCAD Electrical.
 Comfortable using schematic capture and PCB design tools such as Altium.
 Circuit simulation experience (SPICE, PSPICE, LTSPICE, etc).
 Familiar with scripting languages such as Python or MATLAB for preforming analysis or writing automation tools.
 Experience with embedded or systems programming in languages such as C, C++, or Rust.
 Previous experience with COTS data acquisition systems such as NI, Dewesoft, Beckhoff etc.
 Familiar with communications methods such as, but not limited to, SPI, Ethernet, EtherCAT, CAN, and Modbus.

We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.

At Relativity Space, we are committed to transparency and fairness in our compensation practices. Actual compensation will be determined based on experience, qualifications, and other job-related factors.

Compensation is only one part of our total rewards package. Relativity Space offers competitive salary and equity, a generous PTO and sick leave policy, parental leave, an annual learning and development stipend, and more! To see some of the benefits & perks we offer, please visit here.

Hiring Range

$130,000—$166,000 USD