About the job
Job Description

We currently have a career opportunity for an Adobe Multi-Solution Developer to join our national Adobe Business Unit. This position will be heavy in Adobe Analytics. Our headquarters are in Saint Louis and this position can work remote anywhere nationally or in Canada.

About Our Adobe National Business Unit:

The Adobe Practice at Perficient was established in 2010 and has expanded to a global presence. We offer a wide array of solution offerings that help our customers create more meaningful connection points with their audiences across all channels. Our digital technologists help forge the path toward the connected enterprise by using the complete Adobe Digital Marketing technology stack. We are a fast-growing Adobe group that was named a Power 10 Partner by Adobe in 2021. We are recognized thought leaders in the industry by Adobe and our partner peers.

Perficient is currently looking for a Adobe Multi-Solution Lead Developer for our National Adobe Digital Marketing Practice. Candidate can be located anywhere in the US or Canada.

Why Work for the Perficient Adobe Practice:

Adobe Alliance: Power 10 Platinum Partner with insider access to engineering, help network, and early access sandboxes
Career Growth: Formal Career Counseling program including regular 1:1s, mentoring/coaching, goal setting, paid training and certifications
Adobe Platform Growth: Cross-training opportunities in AEM Content, Assets, Forms, Adobe Experience Platform (AEP), Analytics, Target, Marketo, Workfront, and ancillary technologies (e.g., ReactJS)
Celebrating Thought Leadership: Blogging; Center of Excellence; proof-of-concepts; new technology investments; accelerators
Culture Club: Monthly virtual activities like Fitness Challenges, Charitable Giving Campaigns, Fantasy Football, Seasonal Contests (e.g., Halloween costume contest, Halloween trivia)
Big opportunities: Work on key projects for some of the most recognized brands

Job Overview:

The Adobe Multi-Solution Developer (MSD) will play a vital role in the configuration, coding, testing and deployment of Adobe Experience Cloud solutions - primarily Adobe Launch, Adobe Analytics and Adobe Target. You will work closely with Adobe Architects and client stakeholders to build state-of-the-art implementations for enterprise (Fortune 1000) customers.

Responsibilities

Responsibilities:

Collaborate with internal Perficient Architects and customer stakeholders on requirements definition. 
Contribute to the creation of technical specifications and/or Solutions Design Document(s) based on customer requirements. 
Deliver high-quality technical solutions using the Adobe Experience Cloud framework within an Agile development process. 
Deploy Adobe solutions and media tags (DoubleClick, Facebook, etc.) via Adobe Launch extensions or custom JavaScript. 
Create personalized experiences and dashboard reporting using Adobe Target/Adobe Analytics. 
Participate in QA/UAT testing activities to validate adherence to acceptance criteria. 
Document final deliverable to support various customer hand-off and/or enablement activities. 

Qualifications

1+ years’ experience developing projects with 2 or more Personalization tools utilizing Adobe Experience Cloud i.e. Adobe Target, Adobe Analytics, Adobe Launch, AEP, Adobe Campaign. 
2+ years in experience developing customer facing work-product with all of the following:
HTML/HTML5
CSS
Pure JavaScript/ES6 or JS libraries such as jQuery
Asynchronous client-side solutions (AJAX)
Comfortable understanding and implementing Digital Data Layers on webpages. 
Ability to consume and contribute to technical specification documents. 
Experience managing multiple projects/clients simultaneously. 
0% travel required. 

What sets you apart:

Any Adobe Experience Cloud Developer, Practitioner or Architect certifications
Experience with Agile delivery projects and associated tools such as Jira, Rally, etc. 
Server-side JavaScript (node.js) experience
Cross-platform mobile app development skills such as React Native
Effective written and verbal communications skills
Analytical and troubleshooting/problem solving skills. 
Eager to learn new technology and skill sets. 

The salary range for this position takes into consideration a variety of factors, including but not limited to skill sets, level of experience, applicable office location, training, licensure and certifications, and other business and organizational needs. The new hire salary range displays the minimum and maximum salary targets for this position across all US locations, and the range has not been adjusted for any specific state differentials. It is not typical for a candidate to be hired at or near the top of the range for their role, and compensation decisions are dependent on the unique facts and circumstances regarding each candidate. A reasonable estimate of the current salary range for this position is $89,000 to $149,000. Please note that the salary range posted reflects the base salary only and does not include benefits or any potential equity or variable bonus programs. Information regarding the benefits available for this position are in our benefits overview .

Who We Are

Perficient is a leading global digital consultancy. We imagine, create, engineer, and run digital transformation solutions that help our clients exceed customers’ expectations, outpace competition, and grow their business. With unparalleled strategy, creative, and technology capabilities, our colleagues bring big thinking and innovative ideas, along with a practical approach to help our clients – the world’s largest enterprises and biggest brands succeed.

What We Believe

At Perficient, we promise to challenge, champion, and celebrate our people. You will experience a unique and collaborative culture that values every voice. Join our team, and you’ll become part of something truly special.

We believe in developing a workforce that is as diverse and inclusive as the clients we work with. We’re committed to actively listening, learning, and acting to further advance our organization, our communities, and our future leaders… and we’re not done yet.

Perficient, Inc. proudly provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability, genetic information, marital status, amnesty, or status as a protected veteran in accordance with applicable federal, state and local laws. Perficient, Inc. complies with applicable state and local laws governing non-discrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including, but not limited to, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation, and training. Perficient, Inc. expressly prohibits any form of unlawful employee harassment based on race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, age, genetic information, disability, or covered veterans. Improper interference with the ability of Perficient, Inc. employees to perform their expected job duties is absolutely not tolerated.

Disability Accommodations:

Perficient is committed to providing a barrier-free employment process with reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or accommodation due to a disability, please contact us.

Disclaimer: The above statements are not intended to be a complete statement of job content, rather to act as a guide to the essential functions performed by the employee assigned to this classification. Management retains the discretion to add or change the duties of the position at any time. 

About Us

Perficient is always looking for the best and brightest talent and we need you! We’re a quickly growing, global digital consulting leader, and we’re transforming the world’s largest enterprises and biggest brands. You’ll work with the latest technologies, expand your skills, experience work-life balance, and become a part of our global community of talented, diverse, and knowledgeable colleagues.

 

Select work authorization questions to ask when applicants apply

1. Are you legally authorized to work in the United States?

2. Will you now, or in the future, require sponsorship for employment visa status (e.g. H-1B visa status)?