About the job
This is a remote position.

Junior Data Analyst - US Only

Experience: 1+ years

Employment Type: Full-time, Remote

Base Salary: $62K-$72K

Phoenix Recruitment offers a variety of recruiting services to assist both employers and employees. They are specialized in marketing open positions, recruiting, and helping employers to find qualified candidates across various industries. Phoenix Recruitment has expertise in streamlining the hiring process. They can help ensure that the process is efficient, well organized, and compliant with relevant regulations.

Role Responsibilities:

Work in close collaboration with the Business Intelligence Lead, Federal Data Lead, and other Program teams 
Develop, maintain, and improve BI tools, build and enhance standard operating procedures (SOPs) 
Manage various data sets and active Google workbooks with adjacent contract teams, monitor and analyze financial health information at the project and program levels 
Communicate with client leadership to assess data needs and emerging requirements 
Work with large data sets, workbooks, and spreadsheets to manipulate and manage program-level information using macros, queries, scripts, etc. 
Gather requirements and lead the development of long-term data management tools, processes, and solutions based on organizational needs. 
Be comfortable working with collaboration tools such as; Google Suite, Microsoft Office 
Providing general support to the client including, but not limited to, analysis, data calls, financial management, risk management, audits, and project management-related tasks. 

Qualifications:

Bachelor's Degree in business, business intelligence, data or information management, or similar. 
Proficient in Google Scripts 
Minimum 1 year of data or information management and/or data analysis experience. 
Experience using Microsoft Excel and Google Sheets (macros, imports, query functions). 
Experience with developing in Google App Script is a plus. 
Experience using SQL Developer is a plus. 
Excellent written and verbal communication skills. 
Willing to work in an administratively manual environment while working towards automation of processes in the future. 

Why Phoenix Recruitment LLC?

Phoenix Recruitment often has an extensive network of employers and candidates. This network allows them to tap into a pool of qualified candidates and connect them with suitable job opportunities. They can also leverage their connections to help employers find the right talent efficiently. Outsourcing the recruitment process to a specialized agency can save you time and resources, avoid delays, reduce administrative burdens, and increase the chances of finding the right fit for your organization.