About the job
Description

Are you passionate about data, code and Generative AI? Does the prospect of dealing with massive volumes of large language model data excite you? Do you want to build data engineering solutions that process billions of interactions with Amazons Generative AI solutions and generates insights from those interactions? Do you want to use Large Language Models (LLMs) to help to improve the customer service experience? Do you want to create a next-generation data storage product for large language models? If so then Customer Service’s Customer Engagement Technology Team is for you!

We are seeking a Data Engineer (L5) to join the Customer Engagement Technology Team (CET) focused on Self-Service Automation. As a Data Engineer you will be responsible for designing and building our data storage platforms for LLMs.

The ideal candidate relishes working with large volumes of data, enjoys the challenge of highly complex technical contexts, and, above all else, is passionate about data and analytics. He/she is an expert with data modeling with unstructured data, ingestion pipelines and ETL design and business intelligence tools with the business to identify strategic opportunities where improvements in data infrastructure creates out-sized business impact. He/she is a self-starter, comfortable with ambiguity, able to think big (while paying careful attention to detail), mentors other engineers in team on high quality tech and enjoys working in a fast-paced team. We're excited to talk to those up to the challenge!

The mission of the CET team within Customer Service is to create earth’s best customer service solutions through empowering our customers to utilize automation to resolve their issues quickly and efficiently. You will be a key component of our leadership team and will influence our science and engineering roadmap to harness the power of LLMs to solve customer problems.

Key job responsibilities

Key job responsibilities

 Design, develop and maintain product data pipelines, meeting data and privacy standards.
 Develop robust and scalable data and insight platforms using SQL and Spark
 Support analytical research and provide recommendations to business challenges
 Continually improve the data quality and operations, via automation and building full CI/CD data pipelines
 Develop and influence the teams’ data strategy and data storage roadmap through working closely with business stakeholders.

A day in the life

We thrive on solving challenging problems to innovate for our customers. By pushing the boundaries of technology, we create unparalleled experiences that enable us to rapidly adapt in a dynamic environment. Our decisions are guided by data, and we collaborate with engineering, science, and product teams to foster an innovative learning environment

If you are not sure that every qualification on the list above describes you exactly, we'd still love to hear from you! At Amazon, we value people with unique backgrounds, experiences, and skillsets. If you’re passionate about this role and want to make an impact on a global scale, please apply!

Benefits Summary

Amazon offers a full range of benefits that support you and eligible family members, including domestic partners and their children. Benefits can vary by location, the number of regularly scheduled hours you work, length of employment, and job status such as seasonal or temporary employment. The benefits that generally apply to regular, full-time employees include:

 Medical, Dental, and Vision Coverage
 Maternity and Parental Leave Options
 Paid Time Off (PTO)
 401(k) Plan

About The Team

If you are not sure that every qualification on the list above describes you exactly, we'd still love to hear from you! At Amazon, we value people with unique backgrounds, experiences, and skillsets. If you’re passionate about this role and want to make an impact on a global scale, please apply! Benefits Summary: “Amazon offers a full range of benefits that support you and eligible family members, including domestic partners and their children. Benefits can vary by location, the number of regularly scheduled hours you work, length of employment, and job status such as seasonal or temporary employment. The benefits that generally apply to regular, full-time employees include: 1. Medical, Dental, and Vision Coverage 2. Maternity and Parental Leave Options 3. Paid Time Off (PTO) 4. 401(k) Plan”

Basic Qualifications

 3+ years of data engineering experience
 Experience with data modeling, warehousing and building ETL pipelines

Preferred Qualifications

 Experience with AWS technologies like Redshift, S3, AWS Glue, EMR, Kinesis, FireHose, Lambda, and IAM roles and permissions
 Experience with non-relational databases / data stores (object storage, document or key-value stores, graph databases, column-family databases)

Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us.

Our compensation reflects the cost of labor across several US geographic markets. The base pay for this position ranges from $118,900/year in our lowest geographic market up to $205,600/year in our highest geographic market. Pay is based on a number of factors including market location and may vary depending on job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. Amazon is a total compensation company. Dependent on the position offered, equity, sign-on payments, and other forms of compensation may be provided as part of a total compensation package, in addition to a full range of medical, financial, and/or other benefits. For more information, please visit https://www.aboutamazon.com/workplace/employee-benefits. This position will remain posted until filled. Applicants should apply via our internal or external career site.


Company - Amazon.com Services LLC - A57

Job ID: A2679700