About the job
HARRISONBURG CITY PUBLIC SCHOOLS

Position

JOB DESCRIPTION

AVID Tutoring Facilitator

Reports To

AVID Coordinator

Contract:NA

Salary Scale

$12/hour

Revised

FLSA Status:

5/2022

Position Summary

AVID tutors facilitate small tutorial groups of college prep students (Grades 7-11), ask leading questions to deepen thinking, and help students learn how to use resources and each other to understand content.
Part-time position with flexible hours and days. There are multiple courses meeting throughout each day (M-Th) that need facilitators. Facilitators can work the courses that fit their schedule. Facilitators can work anywhere from 2 to 15 hours per week. Tutoring occurs during the school day. 
Positions are available at both middle and high school level.
A short training meeting will take place prior to beginning employment. 
Candidates should enjoy working with students, be punctual, patient, and flexible. 
Extensive knowledge of specific subjects is not required. 
Applicants should be willing to commit for the semester (first semester September through December, second semester late January-beginning of May). 
Transportation to and from the school is the responsibility of the tutor. 

Qualifications

Experience working directly with individuals and families from diverse racial, ethnic, and socioeconomic backgrounds.
Familiarity with equity and inclusion frameworks. Models non-discriminatory practices in all activities. Respects the worth, dignity and individual differences of others.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills and the ability to present to diverse audiences to foster professional relationships and express and/or exchange ideas. 
Excellent interpersonal skills.
Proficiency in the use of a variety of office/instructional equipment and technology with experience using Microsoft Office, Google Workspace, and email.
Demonstrated leadership qualities and personal characteristics necessary for working effectively with students, teachers, administrators, and the community.

Essential Functions

Takes all industry standard precautions to protect students, staff, equipment, materials, and facilities.
Maintains appropriate state licensure; assumes responsibility for and participates in staff development (professional growth) and training to keep materials, supplies, and skills up-to-date.
Follows appropriate safety procedures and properly maintains equipment.
Actively participates in and attends all required meetings.
Maintains confidentiality when appropriate.
Complies with and supports school division policies, regulations, procedures, and the HCPS Strategic Plan.
Effectively performs other duties as assigned by immediate supervisor.

Physical Demands / Work Environment

Light work, lifting up to 25 pounds occasionally, and/or up to 10 pounds frequently. Regular travel throughout the school and effectively interact with students, staff, and the school community. Regular contact with staff members is required. Not substantially exposed to adverse environmental conditions.

Evaluation

Performance will be evaluated in accordance with school board policy and administrative regulations on the evaluation of administrative or licensed personnel.

The above is intended to describe the essential functions of and requirements for the performance of this position. It is not to be construed as an exhaustive statement of the duties, responsibilities and requirements of this position. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions and meet the demands of this position.