About the job
Reddit is a community of communities. It’s built on shared interests, passion, and trust and is home to the most open and authentic conversations on the internet. Every day, Reddit users submit, vote, and comment on the topics they care most about. With 100,000+ active communities and approximately 82M+ daily active unique visitors, Reddit is one of the internet’s largest sources of information. For more information, visit redditinc.com.

Location:

This role is completely remote-friendly. If you happen to live close to one of our physical office locations, our doors are open for you to come into the office as often as you'd like.

Team Description

As a member of the Core Ranking ML team, you’ll work with the billions of events and terabytes of data generated every day to personalize Reddit for each of our over 50 million daily users, helping them to connect with their communities and discover the best of Reddit.

Role Description

As a Machine Learning Engineer, Core Ranking, this person will own projects from ideation to production, not just make small incremental gains on enterprise systems. This person will collaborate with other software engineers to improve the recommendation systems and models that power personalization and discovery across all of Reddit!

Responsibilities

Train, evaluate, and deploy sophisticated machine learning models to improve experiences for millions of users
Participate in the full software development cycle: design, develop, QA, deploy, experiment, analyze and iterate
Collaborate across disciplines and with other ML teams at Reddit to find technical solutions to complex challenges


Required Qualifications

1+ years of hands-on, post-grad, non-internship professional experience with Machine Learning in a production-based environment
Solid theoretical knowledge of Machine Learning and Statistical concepts, including Deep Learning, as well as performance tradeoffs. Experience with recommender and/or ranking systems is a plus.
Experience with at least 1 of: Tensorflow, Keras, PyTorch
The ability to extract insight from data; proficient with SQL
Passionate about building delightful products for users
Strong communication and team-work skills


Benefits

Comprehensive Healthcare Benefits
401k Matching
Workspace benefits for your home office
Personal & Professional development funds
Family Planning Support
Flexible Vacation (please use them!) & Reddit Global Wellness Days
4+ months paid Parental Leave
Paid Volunteer time off


Pay Transparency

This job posting may span more than one career level.

In addition to base salary, this job is eligible to receive equity in the form of restricted stock units, and depending on the position offered, it may also be eligible to receive a commission. Additionally, Reddit offers a wide range of benefits to U.S.-based employees, including medical, dental, and vision insurance, 401(k) program with employer match, generous time off for vacation, and parental leave. To learn more, please visit https://www.redditinc.com/careers/.

To provide greater transparency to candidates, we share base pay ranges for all US-based job postings regardless of state. We set standard base pay ranges for all roles based on function, level, and country location, benchmarked against similar stage growth companies. Final offer amounts are determined by multiple factors including, skills, depth of work experience and relevant licenses/credentials, and may vary from the amounts listed below.

The Base Pay Range For This Position Is

$147,500—$206,500 USD

Reddit is proud to be an equal opportunity employer, and is committed to building a workforce representative of the diverse communities we serve. Reddit is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, please contact us at ApplicationAssistance@Reddit.com.