About the job
You Lead the Way. We’ve Got Your Back.

With the right backing, people and businesses have the power to progress in incredible ways. When you join Team Amex, you become part of a global and diverse community of colleagues with an unwavering commitment to back our customers, communities and each other. Here, you’ll learn and grow as we help you create a career journey that’s unique and meaningful to you with benefits, programs, and flexibility that support you personally and professionally.

At American Express, you’ll be recognized for your contributions, leadership, and impact—every colleague has the opportunity to share in the company’s success. Together, we’ll win as a team, striving to uphold our company values and powerful backing promise to provide the world’s best customer experience every day. And we’ll do it with the utmost integrity, and in an environment where everyone is seen, heard and feels like they belong.

Join Team Amex and let's lead the way together.

As part of our diverse tech team, you can architect, code and ship software that makes us an essential part of our customers’ digital lives. Here, you can work alongside talented engineers in an open, supportive, inclusive environment where your voice is valued, and you make your own decisions on what tech to use to solve challenging problems. Amex offers a range of opportunities to work with the latest technologies and encourages you to back the broader engineering community through open source. And because we understand the importance of keeping your skill fresh and relevant, we give you dedicated time to invest in your professional development. Find your place in technology on #TeamAmex.

Let’s share success. 

Global Infrastructure Product Services aims to establish and reinforce a culture of effective metrics, data-driven business processes, architecture simplification, and cost transparency.

A successful Data Analyst knows that delivering on that promise takes foresight, planning and agility. We are seeking Data Analysts who are not only technically adept, but also understand the importance of harnessing the power of data to streamline financial operations, enhance decision-making and improve business outcomes.

This role is focused on developing and maintaining a dynamic technology infrastructure cost allocation model, and requires a blend of technical prowess in SQL and database technologies, understanding of enterprise infrastructure components, and the ability to continuously integrate and improve our financial modeling processes.

Let’s Build On What You Know.

If you are a pioneer in developing robust cost allocation models and infrastructure analysis, you'll find a fit within our Global Infrastructure Cost Transparency team responsible for establishing consistent on-premises workload attribution, unit economics and business value metrics. By leveraging ApptioOne and TBM Studio, you will ensure that our technology spending is transparent, efficient, and properly aligned with our strategic objectives. Here’s just some of what you’ll do:

Architect and refine a robust technology infrastructure cost allocation model using ApptioOne and TBM Studio, with a focus on continuous integration and improvement
Extract, transform and load (ETL) data from diverse sources, including general ledger fields and other systems of record into a coherent, actionable format 
Maintain seamless data links between internal systems and ApptioOne, ensuring high data quality and consistency 
Work closely with stakeholders across Technology, Finance and business unit portfolio leaders to define data and analysts requirements and incorporate cost drivers, allocation methods, and infrastructure nuances 
Regularly review and update the cost model to reflect changes in technology infrastructure, business strategy and financial policies 
Develop SQL queries, scripts and routines to automate data processing and enhance the model’s accuracy and efficiency 
Generate insightful data visualization and reports to aid in decision-making and demonstrate the cost model’s value to stakeholders 
Lead training sessions and create comprehensive documentation to empower end users to leverage the cost model effectively 
Function as an active member of an agile team through consistent development practices (tools, components, and documentation) 
Find opportunities to adopt innovative technologies 
Take part in reviews of individual or team contributions 
Work on prioritized/assigned features for ongoing sprints 
Communicate and work reciprocally with business and product teams to support changes and implementation 

Are you up for the challenge? Here’s what you should have: 

Hands-on expertise with distributed (multi-tiered) systems and relational database design, development, troubleshooting and automated testing 
Demonstrated experience in data visualization with a focus on financial data analysis and cost modeling 
Advanced proficiency in SQL and familiarity with other relational database technologies 
Proficiency with industry recognized ETL methods, processes and standards 
Proficiency with KPI and metric design 
Thorough understanding of enterprise infrastructure technologies such as Compute, Storage, Network, Mainframe to inform model development and adjustments 
Strong analytical, problem-solving and project management skills, coupled with a continuous improvement mindset 
Excellent communication skills, capable of explaining complex data issues in simple terms to a diverse audience 
Strong proficiency in data manipulation and analysis using programming languages such as Python, R, or Scala 
Demonstrable experience with data visualization and reporting tools (e.g.: MS SQL Reporting Services, Tableau, Informatica, Cognos, Microstrategy, PowerBI, matplotlib, etc.) 
Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Finance or a related discipline is a plus 
Deep experience with Apptio One and TBM Studio is highly desirable

Salary Range: $85,000.00 to $150,000.00 annually + bonus + benefits

The above represents the expected salary range for this job requisition. Ultimately, in determining your pay, we’ll consider your location, experience, and other job-related factors.

We back our colleagues and their loved ones with benefits and programs that support their holistic well-being. That means we prioritize their physical, financial, and mental health through each stage of life. Benefits include:

Competitive base salaries 
Bonus incentives 
6% Company Match on retirement savings plan 
Free financial coaching and financial well-being support 
Comprehensive medical, dental, vision, life insurance, and disability benefits 
Flexible working model with hybrid, onsite or virtual arrangements depending on role and business need 
20+ weeks paid parental leave for all parents, regardless of gender, offered for pregnancy, adoption or surrogacy 
Free access to global on-site wellness centers staffed with nurses and doctors (depending on location) 
Free and confidential counseling support through our Healthy Minds program 
Career development and training opportunities

For a full list of Team Amex benefits, visit our Colleague Benefits Site.

American Express is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran status, disability status, age, or any other status protected by law.

We back our colleagues with the support they need to thrive, professionally and personally. That's why we have Amex Flex, our enterprise working model that provides greater flexibility to colleagues while ensuring we preserve the important aspects of our unique in-person culture. Depending on role and business needs, colleagues will either work onsite, in a hybrid model (combination of in-office and virtual days) or fully virtually.

US Job Seekers/Employees - Click here to view the “Know Your Rights” poster and the Pay Transparency Policy Statement.

If the links do not work, please copy and paste the following URLs in a new browser window: https://www.dol.gov/agencies/ofccp/posters to access the three posters.

Employment eligibility to work with American Express in the U.S. is required as the company will not pursue visa sponsorship for this position.