About the job
Academy Data Analyst - Part-time

Boston Bolts Overview

The Boston Bolts possess more than 38 years of experience in bringing the world’s game to communities across Massachusetts. In addition to overseeing youth teams across a full developmental pathway, the Boston Bolts participate in the USL, the largest and fastest-growing professional soccer organization in North America, with a team in the USL League Two.

The Boston Bolts are a growing organization that looks for team members to grow with it. The internship is hands-on, allowing successful candidates the opportunity to learn in a professional environment and experience a dynamic organization first-hand. The Bolts are searching for a hardworking, self-starter who is motivated to make contributions to the organization’s continuous growth and seeks a career in sports management.

Position Description

The Academy Data Analyst will help design and implement programs to improve the club’s ability to evaluate team performance and elevate the Bolts experience for players. In conjunction with MLS Next Academy and Data Analytics staff, this individual will assist in the development of post-match analysis to help prepare players to perform at their peak. The Academy Data Analyst is a stipend, part-time position with an expected weekly commitment of approximately 10-15 hours per week.

Position Timeline

This position will run from September 4 to June 13th.

Primary Responsibilities

Help implement Boston Bolts coaching philosophy
Contribute to workflows and perform in-depth analysis on diverse data sets from MLS Next & NAL games
Develop and implement advanced performance analytics strategies to support the Elite Pathway teams in achieving peak performance
Integrate interdisciplinary performance data from various sources to create holistic and actionable insights
Create compelling visualizations and reports that communicate complex data in a clear, impactful manner to non-technical stakeholders
Liaise with players and staff on player development progress in line with the Individual Development Plan process

Qualifications

Quick learner who can function in the fast-paced environment mandated by the sports industry
Ability to successfully manage several projects at once and prioritize assignments
Strong written and verbal communications skills
Prior soccer experience strongly preferred

We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, age, disability, gender identity, marital or veteran status, or any other protected class.