About the job
All candidates who wish to be considered for substitute services must complete and submit the online employment application. Substitute placement is an on-call, as needed basis as directed by the daily needs of Aberdeen School District. There is no guarantee of placement on any given day and no ongoing expectation of placement.

Comprehensive Benefit information can be found here.

Position Summary

Under the direction and supervision of the building principal and the maintenance and custodial manager, this position may be responsible for the care, cleanliness and custody of the facilities and equipment. This position requires the custodian keep the building in a condition that safeguards the health and safety of the students and other personnel. A substitute custodian may also perform a variety of maintenance and/or custodial tasks in support of other district staff. The position is expected to promote positive public relations for the district.

Primary Duties

Sweeping, mopping, spot cleaning, vacuuming, spot/stain removal, extraction cleaning of carpeted floors.
Cleaning/sanitizing lavatory fixtures/facilities, refilling dispensers, cleaning interior and exterior window surfaces, emptying recycle containers and trash/garbage, dusting interior vertical and horizontal surfaces.
Ability to follow and adhere to safe workplace practices and chemical use, storage of chemicals, flammables, tools, equipment and associated materials.
Ability to occasionally lift up to 50 lbs.
May be responsible for locking and unlocking buildings and securing buildings when facilities are not in use.
Work cooperatively with building staff, students, and the community.
Ability to maintain confidentiality.
Ability to follow directions and perform duties and tasks as assigned.
Ability to organize time and maintain a schedule.
Comply with all district policies, building procedures and schedules. 

Minimum Qualifications

Pass a WSP/FBI fingerprint criminal background clearance (applicant’s expense)
High school diploma or equivalent
Bilingual/Spanish speaking preferred

Equal Opportunity Employer: Aberdeen School District complies with all federal rules and regulations and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation including gender expression or identity, creed, religion, age, veteran or military status, the presence of any sensory, mental or physical disability, or the use of trained dog guide or service animal by a person with a disability and provides equal access to the Boy Scouts of America and other designated youth groups. Inquiries regarding compliance procedures may be directed to Christi Clinkingbeard, Title IX Officer (360) 538-2003 cclinkingbeard@asd5.org and Dr. Richard Bates, Section 504/ADA Coordinator (360) 538-2018 rbates@asd5.org. Aberdeen School District No. 5, 216 North G Street, Aberdeen, Washington 98520.