About the job
Company Description

The Bosch Research and Technology Center North America with offices in Sunnyvale, California, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania and Cambridge, Massachusetts is a part of the global Bosch Group (www.bosch.com), a company with over 70 billion euro revenue, 400,000 employees worldwide, a very diverse product portfolio, and a history spanning over 125 years. The Research and Technology Center North America (RTC-NA) is dedicated to providing technologies and system solutions for various Bosch business fields, primarily in the field of artificial intelligence (for example, human-assisted AI, natural language processing, robotics, 3D perception, and AI platform), energy technologies, internet technologies, circuit design, semiconductors and wireless, as well as advanced MEMS design.

The focus of our global research on Integrated Human-Machine Intelligence includes Big Data Visual Analytics, Explainable AI, Audio AI, NLP, Cloud Robotics, Mixed Reality and Smart Wearables, etc. We develop intuitive, interactive, and intelligent solutions to enable inspiring UX for Bosch products and services in application areas such as autonomous driving, car infotainment and driver assistance systems (ADAS), Industry 4.0 and Internet of Things (IoT), security systems, smart home and building solutions, health care, and robotics. This internship is part of an ambitious effort to design and develop intelligent audio analytics capabilities at the intersection of deep learning and audio signal processing with diverse application domains ranging from physical security to intelligent and connected vehicles. We also actively collaborate with leading groups in academia and industry to promote research ideas and publish research findings in internationally renowned conferences and journals, e.g., ICASSP, Interspeech, AAAI, ICML, NeurIPS.

Job Description

Develop state-of-the-art Audio AI solutions using combination of classical signal processing and machine/deep learning-based approaches.
Research and develop solutions for audio foundation models, audio reasoning, generative audio, explainable audio AI, few-shot learning for rare sound events, anomaly detection for machine health monitoring, domain adaptation, and multi-modal sensing.
Collaborate with others to integrate audio AI modules into the prototype systems.
Summarize research findings in high-quality paper and/or patent submissions.

Qualifications

Required

Currently enrolled as PhD student in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Data Science, or related fields.
2+ years programming experience, proficiency in PyTorch(Lightning), HuggingFace(transformers, diffusers), hydra.
Broad knowledge of machine- and deep-learning algorithms and principles and state-of-the-art methods.

Preferred

Knowledge of digital signal processing principle and methods (multi-channel audio processing, DFT, filter-banks).
Publication record in top machine learning and audio analytics venues (e.g., ICASSP, Interspeech, AAAI, ICML).
Experience with HPC platforms and job managers (Slurm, IBM LSF)

Additional Information

The U.S. base salary range for this intern position is $34.00-$66.00 per hour. Within the range, individual pay is determined based on several factors, including, but not limited to, type of degree, work experience and job knowledge, complexity of the role, type of position, job location, etc. Your Hiring Manager can share more details about the specific salary range for this position during the interview process.

By choice, we are committed to a diverse workforce - EOE/Protected Veteran/Disabled.

BOSCH is a proud supporter of STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering & Mathematics)

FIRST Robotics (For Inspiration and Recognition of Science and Technology)
AWIM (A World In Motion)