About the job
About Mytra

We’re creating an entirely new way to solve the most ubiquitous problem in industry - moving and storing material. We’re applying robotics and distributed software to create a new class of product for this $1T market. We’re focused on the supply chain industry first. The industry is in a massive bind with the continued growth of e-commerce, sharp rise in costs, and supply chain disruptions. What has been a “sleepy” industry for decades is now at the epicenter of sustaining the global economy.

Role Overview

Mytra’s new AI team is looking for foundational members to bring intelligent decision making and situational awareness to its distributed robot fleet. As an AI engineer you’ll collaborate closely with our team to prototype, productionize and deploy solutions for problems at the intersection of robotics and machine learning. You’ll get an opportunity to work on reinforcement learning, embedded software, distributed autonomously routing vehicles, computer vision and AI on edge-computing.

Example Projects

Add observations from our storage management simulator to a policy network trained with reinforcement learning.
Leverage new open source tools or models to speed up the machine learning pipeline (such as using Segment Anything Model (SAM) to auto-label images).
Train a depth network for monocular camera and time-of-flight sensor data.
Create visualization tools to help debug and understand decisions made by the policy network.
Implement a computer vision model or RL algorithm from a newly published paper.
Optimize a model architecture for size and speed for ECU compatibility.
Create an occupancy map for localization and collision avoidance from vision depth maps and other learned features.
Develop automated processes and benchmarking strategies for tracking improvements when releasing and deploying new models to the robot fleet.
Implement and optimize the SOTA BEV algorithms.

The Ideal Candidate

You’re very comfortable writing Python, and have experience with PyTorch & training deep neural networks.
You are excited about working on an immature project, growing together, and shaping the future of the company.
You’ve played with different types of sensors and are familiar with robot software frameworks.
Uncertainty isn’t scary, and you’re willing to realize mistakes and pivot.
You’re familiar with simulators such as Omniverse, OpenAI Gym, MuJoCo, Unity, or other video game environments.
You can convey complex ideas and technical concepts to a diverse audience.
Openness, inquisitiveness, and constant ambition are important values.
You enjoy pair programming and taking time to help others.

A Final Note

You’re encouraged to apply even if you can’t take on every example project in its totality. We work closely and collaboratively at Mytra - No one takes on projects alone. We seek people who are eager to work together, learn new things, and bring unique perspectives.