About the job
Ally and Your Career 

Ally Financial only succeeds when its people do - and that’s more than some cliché people put on job postings. We live this stuff! We see our people as, well, people - with interests, families, friends, dreams, and causes that are all important to them. Our focus is on the health and safety of our teammates as well as work-life balance and diversity and inclusion. From generous benefits to a variety of employee resource groups, we strive to build paths that encourage employees to stretch themselves professionally. We want to help you grow, develop, and learn new things. You’re constantly evolving, so shouldn’t your opportunities be, too?

Work Schedule: Ally designates roles as (1) fully on-site, (2) hybrid, or (3) fully remote. Hybrid roles are generally expected to be in the office a certain number of days per week as indicated by your manager. Your hiring manager will discuss this role's specific work requirements with you during the hiring process. All work requirements are subject to change at any time based on leader discretion and/or business need.

 The Opportunity 

Are you passionate about AI and eager to kickstart your career in this exciting field? Ally, an industry-leader in AI innovation and adoption, is seeking talented individuals like you to join our AI Athletes program in Ally Tech. As part of this program, you will have the opportunity to work on cutting-edge AI projects, have the freedom to use innovation and creativity to create solutions, and gain exposure to various aspects of AI across different teams. You will embark on a journey of 2-3 rotational assignments, each lasting 4-6 months, on some of the following AI teams: Platform Engineering, Data Science & Modeling, Responsible AI, Transformation Management, and Analytics Enablement.

Join Ally AI Athletes program and be part of a team that is pushing the boundaries of AI innovation. This is an amazing opportunity to gain hands-on experience, develop a diverse skill set, and contribute to the exciting world of AI. Apply now and embark on an exciting career journey with us!

To read more about what our tech team does, be sure to visit our tech blog at ally.tech

 The Work Itself 

 Collaborate with the Platform Engineering team to develop and enhance AI infrastructure and tools. 
 Contribute to the Responsible AI team's efforts in ensuring ethical and unbiased AI practices. 
 Work closely with the Data Science & Modeling team to build and deploy AI models for various applications. 
 Support the AI Transformation team in driving AI fluency and adoption across the organization. 
 Assist the Analytics Enablement team in helping analysts across the enterprise leverage AI to unlock insights from data and drive business value. 

Skills

 The Skills You Bring 

 Bachelor's or Master's degree in a technology-related field (Computer Science, Engineering, Data Science, etc.). 
 Proficiency in programming languages such as Python, R, SQL. 
 Familiarity with machine learning techniques and tools. 
 Passion for learning and staying up-to-date with the latest advancements in AI. 
 Excellent problem-solving and analytical skills. Strong communication and collaboration abilities. Ability to adapt and thrive in a fast-paced, dynamic environment. 

How We'll Have Your Back

Ally's compensation program offers market-competitive base pay and pay-for-performance incentives (bonuses) based on achieving personal and company goals. Our Total Rewards program includes industry-leading compensation and benefits plus additional incentives that are designed to meet your needs and those of your family so you can get the most out of your career and your life, including:

Time Away: 11 paid holidays, 20 paid time off days, and 8 hours of volunteer time off, yearly (paid time off is prorated based on start date) 
Planning for the Future: plan for the near and long term with an industry-leading 401K retirement savings plan with matching and company contributions, student loan pay downs and 529 educational save up assistance programs, tuition reimbursement, employee stock purchase plan, and financial learning center and financial coach access.
Supporting your Health & Well-being: flexible health and insurance options including medical, dental and vision, employee, spouse and child life insurance, short- and long-term disability, pre-tax Health Savings Account with employer contributions, Healthcare FSA, critical illness, accident & hospital indemnity insurance, and a total well-being program that helps you and your family stay on track physically, socially, emotionally, and financially.
Building a Family: adoption, surrogacy and fertility assistance as well as paid parental and caregiver leave, Dependent Day Care FSA back-up child and adult/elder care days and childcare discounts.
Work-Life Integration: other benefits including Mentally Fit Employee Assistance Program, subsidized and discounted Weight Watchers® program and other employee discount programs.
Other compensations: depending on the role for which you are considered, you may be eligible for travel allowances, relocation assistance, a signing bonus and/or equity.
To view more detailed information about Ally’s Total Rewards, please visit this link: https://www.ally.com/content/dam/pdf/corporate/ally-total-rewards-snapshot.pdf

Who We Are:

Ally Financial is a customer-centric, leading digital financial services company with passionate customer service and innovative financial solutions. We are relentlessly focused on "Doing it Right" and being a trusted financial-services provider to our consumer, commercial, and corporate customers. For more information, visit www.ally.com.

Ally is an equal opportunity employer committed to diversity and inclusion in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, race, color, sex, religion, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, pregnancy status, marital status, military or veteran status, genetic disposition or any other reason protected by law.

We are committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to applicants with physical or mental disabilities. For accommodation requests, email us at work@ally.com. Ally will not discriminate against any qualified individual who is capable of performing the essential functions of the job with or without reasonable accommodation.

Base Pay Range: $47500 - $77000 USD

An individual's position in the range is determined by the specific role, the scope and responsibilities of the role, work experience, education, certification(s), training, and additional qualifications. We review internal pay, the competitive market, and business environment prior to extending an offer.