About the job
Sony Electronics Inc. is looking for the risk-takers, the collaborators, the inspired and the inspirational. We want the people who are brave enough to work at the cutting edge and create solutions that will enrich and improve the lives of people across the globe. In addition to competitive pay and benefits, we offer an environment and culture that promotes Diversity, Equity and Inclusion. In addition, our team members enjoy innovative work-life balance opportunities including a hybrid home/office workplace, monthly “Free Fridays”, and early shutdowns on Fridays throughout the year (including half-days during the summer).

So, if you want to join a “Best Place to Work” company and make the world say wow, let's talk.

Sony Electronics has an exciting full-time opportunity for Environmental Compliance Data Analyst. Environmental compliance and product stewardship are growing area of importance at Sony. We are seeking a highly motivated professional, capable of driving accurate and efficient data analysis to manage organization’s reporting and other environmental requirements in North America as a member of Sustainability and Product Compliance department.

The Environmental Compliance Data Analyst is primarily responsible for collecting and assessing various data and preparing relevant reports to ensure organization’s environmental stewardship obligations are met. They will monitor changes in program requirements, identify emerging needs to modify internal data collection and reporting process, and drive optimization of such processes.

Primary focus is on addressing the company’s stewardship obligations in Canada for electronics, batteries and packaging, while preparing for future obligations in both Canada and the U.S. They will report to Environmental Stewardship Manager in the Sustainability and Product Compliance department and also support and collaborate with additional members of the team.

Roles and responsibilities include:

Conduct various data analysis on products sold, distributed or imported, assessing the environmental handling fee, total weight of products, packaging, batteries, and/or chemicals sold, distributed and/or imported among others. Review and ensure integrity and accuracy of the data. Identify trends and opportunity in support of Sony’s sustainability and environmental compliance management process enhancement and optimization.
Prepare compliance reports to various authorities based on the scope of applicable products, results of data analysis conducted and applicable requirements. 
Manage processing of invoices and remittance of fees and maintain adequate records. Monitor and forecast financial impact and make recommendations to reflect necessary changes in the internal management process to maintain adequate balance and budgeting processes accordingly.
Register environmental compliance attributes of new models in the internal system to manage stewardship and other environmental obligations.
Document and maintain internal procedures to ensure accurate reporting and compliance management process.
Monitor changes in program requirements, identify impact to the company and the operation and communicate recommendations to the relevant teams to help ensure readiness to meet the future obligations. 
Arrange, attend and assist data validation process for environmental compliance reports as needed.
Assist various internal groups and Sony group companies as a subject matter expert.

Our ideal candidate is highly self-motivated, detailed oriented, and committed to timely deliverables.

Minimum Qualifications:

Bachelor Degree required
Must have minimum of 2+ years of work experience in a related field
Strong interests and technical understanding of environmental issues and their impacts to business operations required
Must be detailed and results oriented with excellent skill set for data analysis and organization of effective reports
Must be proficient in analyzing regulatory requirements and/or standards and translating them into business implications
Must be highly motivated to stay up-to-date with various development and being able to manage them accordingly
Must be capable of working on multiple projects simultaneously in a fast paced environment with limited supervision to maintain day-to-day business operations
Must be skilled with verbal and written communication and be able to interact with various internal and external stakeholders
Proficiency with MS Windows based applications including Excel, Outlook, Word, PowerPoint required

Preferred Qualifications:

Preferred fields of study include Environmental Engineering, Environmental Science, Data Analytics/Science, Statistics, or comparable
Experience in analyzing and managing environmental stewardship data and reporting is highly desired
Any experience with Extended Producer Responsibility (EPR) and related legislative requirements is a plus
Advanced knowledge of Microsoft Excel, Power BI, SAP, SAP/BW, SQL is desired.

The anticipated base pay range for this position is $69,000 to $92,000. The actual base salary offered depends on a variety of factors, which may include as applicable, the qualifications of the individual applicant for the position, years of relevant experience, specific and unique skills, level of education attained, certifications or other professional licenses held, and the location in which the applicant lives and/or from which they will be performing the job.

In addition to a competitive base salary this position is also eligible for a bonus, and a comprehensive benefits package including healthcare benefits (medical, dental, and vision), paid medical leave after three months of employment, a 401k plan with matching company contributions, vacation time, education assistance, student loan assistance program, eighty hours of paid sick leave time annually, and up to twelve weeks paid parental leave after six months of employment.

Sony Electronics is an Equal Opportunity Employer that values employees with a broad cross-cultural perspective. We strive to create an inclusive environment, empower employees and embrace diversity. We encourage everyone to respond. All applicants will receive fair and impartial treatment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, age, legally protected physical or mental disability, protected veteran status, status in the U.S. uniformed services, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, genetic information or on any other basis which is protected under applicable federal, state or local law.

Disability Accommodation for Applicants to Sony Electronics Inc. and Sony of Canada ULC.

Sony Electronics Inc. and Sony of Canada Ltd. provides reasonable accommodation for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in job application procedures. For reasonable accommodation requests, please contact us by email at talenthelp@am.sony.com, or you can mail your resume to: Sony Electronics, Human Resources Department, 16535 Via Esprillo, San Diego CA 92127. Please indicate the position you are applying for.

EEO is the Law

EEO is the Law Supplement

Right to Work (English/Spanish)

E-Verify Participation (English/Spanish)