About the job
Location: In Office 4 days/week in LA office

Who We Are:

Thrive Causemetics is Bigger Than Beauty™: We are an independent, female-owned beauty brand that creates high-performance vegan cosmetics and supports a community of giving. All of Thrive Causemetics' products are free of parabens and sulfates, in addition to being 100 percent cruelty-free. Through its Bigger Than Beauty™ program, every product you purchase results in a donation to help a woman thrive. Thrive Causemetics is dedicated to fostering a collaborative and cross-functional workplace where everyone’s voice matters. We are committed to being pioneers in creating a culture of wellness. Together, we prioritize a strong work ethic while maintaining a positive, exciting environment where people are passionate about what they do .

Who We Are Looking For:

The Data Analyst role at Thrive Causemetics is a hybrid role combining the skill sets of a data analyst, business intelligence analyst. You will work cross functionally with multiple departments, with a focus on growth marketing efforts (CRM, Search, Digital Marketing). This includes helping out with dashboard creation, data pipelines, inventory forecasting and other ad hoc data requests as needed.

What You Will Be Doing:

Apply creative problem-solving skills across various business domains, including marketing & demand planning, to address unique challenges
Leverage customer data analysis to refine and enhance marketing strategies for both e-commerce and brand marketing
Develop dashboards that blend data visualizations and tabular information, delivering real-time insights accessible to all departments
Daily / weekly / monthly KPI reporting for Marketing, Operations and Ecom
QA: Conduct quality assurance to ensure the accuracy of final reports and dashboards
Generate insights from marketing ad performance to improve our paid ad efficiency
Evaluate and improve current business processes related to data management by identifying opportunities for automation and streamlining
Translate data into easy-to-digest insights for non-analytical stakeholders
Fulfill ad hoc data requests and perform data queries as required

What Will Make You Stand Out: 

Bachelor’s degree (or higher) in Mathematics, Statistics, Economics, Computer Science or related field
1+ year of SQL experience
1+ year of experience with Python for data analytics (pandas, sklearn, matplotlib, seaborn, plot.ly )
1+ year of experience with data visualization platforms (Tableau, Looker)

Thrive Causemetics is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Applicants must be authorized to work for any employer in the U.S. without current or future sponsorship for an immigration-related work benefit. Thrive Causemetics does not hire H-1B, F-1 CPT, OPT, or STEM OPT candidates for this role.

The base pay range for this role is $70,000 -$90,000, with the following factors determining the base pay at offer: skills, qualifications, experience. This range provides the opportunity to progress as you grow and develop within a role. Additionally, this role is also eligible for an annual discretionary bonus based on company and individual performance. Thrive Causemetics provides a competitive benefits package, including but not limited to: comprehensive medical, dental and vision plans, a 401(k) plan with employer matching, various paid time off programs, employee discount/perks, life insurance, disability insurance, and employee assistance programs.