About the job
Company Description

Visa is a world leader in payments and technology, with over 259 billion payments transactions flowing safely between consumers, merchants, financial institutions, and government entities in more than 200 countries and territories each year. Our mission is to connect the world through the most innovative, convenient, reliable, and secure payments network, enabling individuals, businesses, and economies to thrive while driven by a common purpose – to uplift everyone, everywhere by being the best way to pay and be paid.

Make an impact with a purpose-driven industry leader. Join us today and experience Life at Visa.

Job Description

The Global Business Optimization team has a simple mission: we turn massive amounts of data into actionable insights that drive business value. Our analytic consultants and data analysts work with Visa’s clients and staff to improve portfolio performance, program profitability and cardholder experiences. By coupling in-depth analysis of cardholder behavior with Visa’s world-class products, digital offerings and marketing capabilities, we ensure our clients’ programs operate at their peak potential and that cardholders have seamless commerce experiences in both the physical and digital world.

As part of the North America Insight Delivery team, the Consultant will help to deliver this vision to our issuing, acquiring and merchant partners. In this role, you will use strong analytical and presentation skills, contextual business sense and a creative flair to solve real world business challenges for Visa’s clients. The Consultant will support and strengthen the partnerships with these clients through custom analytics, opportunity identification, and optimization of approval rates.

Experience with utilizing big data is critical to the success of the role as is the ability to delivery robust automation and effective data visualization. Finding the adequate balance of priorities will be important to successfully manage BAU reporting activities in parallel with projects and new initiatives. Innovation and a willingness to challenge traditional paradigms are also paramount to the success of the role.

Essential Functions

This role derives analytic insights on client performance and helps to deliver findings from those analyses to external and internal stakeholders. Prior to completing an analysis, this role will formulate and source the necessary datasets from internal tools and platforms, rendering insights in compelling presentations and visualizations.

Specific activities may include:

Create and present analytic deliverables to external Visa clients, colleagues in the analytics team, and other internal stakeholders with varying degrees of analytical and technical expertise
Get to an understanding of root problems, define analytical objectives, and formalize data requirements for various types of analyses
Combine and analyze disparate data sources and derive insights in a Big Data environment, independently perform analysis to render robust, thoughtful results
Proactively facilitate the overall analytic delivery strategy for the organization
Compare client performance against industry best practices with a shrewd eye toward identifying performance and/or profitability improvement opportunity
Develop presentations of complex data and content for clients in an accurate, understandable, and engaging manner

This position will not be able to offer any relocation assistance or immigration sponsorship.

This is a hybrid position. Hybrid employees can alternate time between both remote and office. Employees in hybrid roles are expected to work from the office 2-3 set days a week (determined by leadership/site), with a general guidepost of being in the office 50% or more of the time based on business needs.

Qualifications

Basic Qualifications:

5 or more years of relevant work experience with a Bachelors Degree or at least 2 years of work experience with an Advanced degree (e.g. Masters, MBA, JD, MD) or 0 years of work experience with a PhD

Preferred Qualifications:

6 or more years of work experience with a Bachelors Degree or 4 or more years of relevant experience with an Advanced Degree (e.g. Masters, MBA, JD, MD) or up to 3 years of relevant experience with a PhD
Experience visualizing data with tools like Tableau, advanced Tableau skills
Visa experience or knowledge of the payments industry
High level of proficiency manipulating data from a variety of sources - Big data skills (Hadoop, Hive, Spark) and/or SQL skills required
Strong verbal, written, and interpersonal skills are required
Must be proficient in all MS Office applications with advanced Excel spreadsheet skills

Additional Information

Work Hours: Varies upon the needs of the department.

Travel Requirements: This position requires travel 5-10% of the time.

Mental/Physical Requirements: This position will be performed in an office setting. The position will require the incumbent to sit and stand at a desk, communicate in person and by telephone, frequently operate standard office equipment, such as telephones and computers.

Visa is an EEO Employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or protected veteran status. Visa will also consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with EEOC guidelines and applicable local law.

Visa will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with applicable local law, including the requirements of Article 49 of the San Francisco Police Code.

U.S. APPLICANTS ONLY: The estimated salary range for a new hire into this position is 100,700 to 154,600 USD per year, which may include potential sales incentive payments (if applicable). Salary may vary depending on job-related factors which may include knowledge, skills, experience, and location. In addition, this position may be eligible for bonus and equity. Visa has a comprehensive benefits package for which this position may be eligible that includes Medical, Dental, Vision, 401 (k), FSA/HSA, Life Insurance, Paid Time Off, and Wellness Program.