About the job
hackajob is a matching platform partnering with DAZN helping them to hire the best talent and build the future. To get the chance to get matched to this role and other similar roles, click on Apply to set up your free profile.

DAZN is a global leader in sports media, operating the world's largest, rapidly expanding sports streaming service with a team of 2,200 in 25 countries. They are dedicated to innovating access to sports, ensuring fans can connect with content on any platform, anytime.
Committed to diversity, DAZN seeks to mirror the global sports fan community's diversity within its workforce. They emphasize an inclusive environment that promotes equality and values contributions from all backgrounds

As a Software Architect Backend within DAZN's Technology Management team, DAZN is seeking a talented, The Node.JS & AWS Developer will be responsible for designing, developing, and deploying cloud-based applications using Node.JS, API's and AWS technologies.

This role is full-time, based in their Hyderabad, India office, 5 days a week WFO.

Benefits include access to DAZN, 24 days’ leave, annual performance-related bonus, best in class medical insurance, learning and development resources, opportunity for flexible working, and access to their Dazn OTT app for free, internal speaker series and events.

Roles & Responsibilities :
This architect is responsible for designing and implementing scalable, high-performance backend applications that leverage the Node.js framework to support business requirements. As an architect, the primary job duties and responsibilities include:
Designing and developing backend systems that meet business requirements and performance goals, including databases, APIs, and microservices.
Collaborating with cross-functional teams to understand and define technical requirements, system architectures, and integration points.
Creating technical specifications, architecture diagrams, and design documents that define the system structure, functionality, and interfaces.
Doing code reviews and providing technical guidance and mentorship to the development team to ensure code quality, maintainability, and scalability.
Ensuring the system adheres to established industry coding standards, development best practices, and security guidelines.
Help troubleshoot and debug issues across the entire application stack, including front-end, middleware and backend systems.
Developing and implementing strategies and frameworks to ensure the system's quality.
Analyzing and troubleshooting performance issues and (help) implementing performance optimizations to improve system responsiveness and throughput.
Staying current with emerging trends, tools and technologies related to Node.js development and contributing to developing best practices and standards.
To qualify for this role, candidates should have a strong background in Node.js development, architecture design, and software engineering. They should be experienced in leading development teams, working with cross-functional stakeholders, and delivering complex systems on time and on budget. Excellent communication, problem-solving, and analytical skills are essential for success in this role. The ability to work with various technologies such as databases, caching systems, and message brokers is also important.

Key Competencies:
Bachelor's or Master's degree in Computer Science or a related field
5+ years of experience designing and developing large-scale web applications using Node.js or Java.
Expert knowledge of Node.js and its ecosystem, including popular libraries and frameworks
Excellent understanding of cloud platforms such as AWS, Azure or Google Cloud Platform
Solid understanding of database design and SQL
Strong knowledge of RESTful web services and API development
Excellent problem-solving and debugging skills.
Strong communication and collaboration skills and ability to work effectively in a team-oriented environment.
At DAZN, they bring ambition to life. They are innovators, game-changers and pioneers. So, if you want to push boundaries and make an impact, DAZN is the place to be.

As part of their team,you'll have the opportunity to make your mark and the power to make change happen. They're doing things no-one has done before, giving fans and customers access to sport anytime, anywhere. They're using world-class technology to transform sports and revolutionise the industry and they're not going to stop.

DAZN VALUES – THE ‘HOW’ IN WHAT WE DO: 

AMBITIOUS – people who want to make a big impact and drive DAZN forward.

INVENTIVE – people with bright ideas who deliver great new experiences for their customers – and improvements for their business. People who come up with better, simpler ways of doing things.

PASSIONATE – people who are proud of their product, their content and their business – and love to shout about it. People who love what they do and show commitment every day.

BRAVE – people who take difficult decisions to help them focus on improving DAZN, their performance and their results.

SUPPORTIVE – people who know that they achieve more as a team than as individuals. People value inclusion and look out for each other, helping their colleagues enjoy their work and develop their careers. People who consider others before making decisions.

At DAZN, they are committed to fostering an inclusive environment that values equality and diversity, where everyone can contribute and have their voices heard. This means hiring and developing talent across all races, ethnicities, religions, age groups, sexual orientations, gender identities and abilities.