About the job
About The Company

e.l.f. Beauty, Inc. stands with every eye, lip, face and paw. Our deep commitment to clean, cruelty free beauty at an incredible value has fueled the success of our flagship brand e.l.f. Cosmetics since 2004 and driven our portfolio expansion. Today, our multi-brand portfolio includes e.l.f. Cosmetics, e.l.f. SKIN, pioneering clean beauty brand Well People, Keys Soulcare, a groundbreaking lifestyle beauty brand created with Alicia Keys and Naturium, high-performance, biocompatible, clinically-effective and accessible skincare.

In our Fiscal year 24, we had net sales of $1 Billion and our business performance has been nothing short of extraordinary with 22 consecutive quarters of net sales growth. We are the #2 mass cosmetics brand in the US and are the fastest growing mass cosmetics brand among the top 5. Our total compensation philosophy offers every new hire competitive pay and benefits, bonus eligibility (200% of target over the last four fiscal years), equity given to every full-time employee as a part of their new hire package, flexible time off, year-round half-day Fridays, and a hybrid 3 day in office, 2 day at home work environment. We believe the combination of our unique culture, total compensation, workplace flexibility and care for the team is unmatched across not just beauty but any industry.

Position Summary

The PLM Master Data Steward is responsible for managing e.l.f.’s data assets and ensuring their quality and usefulness. In addition, the PLM Master Data Steward will partner with Product Innovation as the go-to expert for data-related matters, including managing product lifecycle within Centric. They will be responsible for ensuring that the organization's data is accurate, current, usable, accessible, safe, and trusted throughout its lifecycle. The MD Steward will act as a data curator, focusing on data awareness, accessibility, releases, and management.

Responsibilities

 Data collection: Defining data collection, reporting, and quality assurance processes. Working closely with the Innovation Team to ensure data requirements are met
 Data cataloging: Understanding the data that’s available, including its source, type, and format, as well as building an inventory of data across the enterprise and regularly update it to account for new sources
 Data issues: Collecting, collating, and triaging data issues and problems, and communicating prioritized issues to those who may be impacted
 Data advocacy: Educating employees and keeping a pulse on new best practices and technology, as well as streamlining the flow of data to stakeholders that need it
 Data quality: Ensuring data quality rules are met and regularly auditing data
 Data training: Providing training and support to data owners and users to ensure compliance with governance policies and procedures


Requirements:

 Serve as a liaison between the IT and business-focused sides of the enterprise. Will need to not only be skilled in the technical aspects of data management but also have strong interpersonal skills to effectively collaborate with multiple stakeholders
 Prior experience with PLM applications. (Centric preferred)
 Bachelor’s degree required
 Beauty industry, retail background and/or product life cycle management strongly preferred
 High drive for results and willing to work in a demanding & rapid paced environment
 Excellent communication skills both verbal and written
 Excellent analytical, follow-up, and attention to detail skills
 Ability to work autonomously across functions to meet deadlines and drive tasks to completion
 System implementation experience a plus
 Excellent Excel Skills and knowledge
 Proficient in Microsoft Suite (Word and PowerPoint)


This job description is intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed in this position. It also reflects the general details considered necessary to describe the principal functions of the job identified, and shall not be considered, as detailed description of all the work required inherent in the job. It is not an exhaustive list of responsibilities, and it is subject to changes and exceptions at the supervisors’ discretion.

e.l.f. Beauty respects your privacy. Please see our Job Applicant Privacy Notice (www.elfbeauty.com/us-job-applicant-privacy-notice) for how your personal information is used and shared.