About the job
We are now looking for Senior Deep Learning Engineer - Drug Discovery AI.NVIDIA has been transforming computer graphics, PC gaming, and accelerated computing for more than 25 years. It’s an outstanding legacy of innovation that’s motivated by extraordinary technology—and outstanding people. Today, we’re tapping into the unlimited potential of AI to define the next era of computing. An era in which our GPU acts as the brains of computers, robots, and self-driving cars that can understand the world. Doing what’s never been done before takes vision, innovation, and the world’s best talent! As an NVIDIAN, employees are immersed in a diverse, encouraging environment where everyone is inspired to do their best work. Come join the team and see how you can make a lasting impact on the world!

What You Will Be Doing

Maintain and improve NVIDIA's BioNemo and related software
Scale up testing of framework software for deep learning model development
Responsibility for major software features
Productize a wide range AI algorithms implementations, including large language models and geometric deep learning algorithms
Collaborate with applied research, AI infrastructure, and full stack software teams

What We Need To See

5+ years of relevant experience
BS or MS in a quantitative field such as Statistics, Physics, Computer Science, Mathematics, or a equivalent experience
Strong experience with python
Excellent pytorch skills
Good understanding of deep learning concepts
Recognized for technical leadership contributions, capable of self-direction, and willingness to learn from and guide others

Ways To Stand Out From The Crowd

Experience implementing large language models and geometric deep learning models
Knowledge of implementing model parallelism techniques for large scale models
Outstanding communication skills

The base salary range is 180,000 USD - 339,250 USD. Your base salary will be determined based on your location, experience, and the pay of employees in similar positions.

You will also be eligible for equity and benefits .  NVIDIA accepts applications on an ongoing basis. 

NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law.#deeplearning