About the job
Description

Amazon’s Modeling and Optimization (MOP) Team is looking for a passionate individual with strong optimization and analytical skills to join us in the endeavor of designing and improving the most complex transportation and fulfillment network in the world.

The team is responsible for optimizing the global transportation and fulfillment network for Amazon.com and ensuring that the company is able to deliver our customers’ products to them as quickly, accurately, and cost effectively as possible. We design the network that delivers products from vendors and sellers to end customers, through both Amazon’s internal network as well as external partners, using multiple transportation modes. Optimizing the end-to-end network requires deep understanding of inventory management, placement, transportation, and supply chain management. Only through innovative and strategic thing, we will make the right capital investments in technology, buildings and equipment that allows for long-term success.

Key job responsibilities

We are seeking an experienced scientist who has a solid background in Operations Research, Supply Chain Management, Applied Mathematics, or other similar domain.

In this role, you will develop and deploy models and tools that are innovative and scalable to solve new challenges in Amazon's global fulfillment network. You will collaborate with other scientists across teams to create integrated solutions that improves fulfillment speed, cost, and carbon emission. You have deep understanding of business challenges and provide scientific analysis to support business decision using a range of methodologies. You design science tool platforms, deploy models, create data pipelines, or simplify existing processes.

About The Team

https://www.linkedin.com/feed/update/urn:li:activity:7089317294417346561/

Basic Qualifications

 PhD, or Master's degree and 3+ years of science, technology, engineering or related field experience
 Experience programming in Java, C++, Python or related language
 Experience building machine learning models or developing algorithms for business application
 Experience implementing algorithms using both toolkits and self-developed code

Preferred Qualifications

 Experience with logistic transportation network design.

Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us.

Our compensation reflects the cost of labor across several US geographic markets. The base pay for this position ranges from $136,000/year in our lowest geographic market up to $222,200/year in our highest geographic market. Pay is based on a number of factors including market location and may vary depending on job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. Amazon is a total compensation company. Dependent on the position offered, equity, sign-on payments, and other forms of compensation may be provided as part of a total compensation package, in addition to a full range of medical, financial, and/or other benefits. For more information, please visit https://www.aboutamazon.com/workplace/employee-benefits. This position will remain posted until filled. Applicants should apply via our internal or external career site.


Company - Amazon.com Services LLC

Job ID: A2652059