About the job
Company Overview

Driven by our vision of the affordable, reliable, net-zero carbon grid of the future, Mainspring has developed a new category of power generation — the linear generator — that delivers local, scalable, and fuel-flexible power to help accelerate the transition to the net-zero carbon grid.

The unique combination of attributes offered by Mainspring’s linear generator enables applications on both the commercial and utility sides of the meter for the $816B global electricity equipment market. We serve a wide range of Fortune 500 customers across markets and industries as well as top-tier utilities and other gridside providers.

We are looking to build relationships with people who share our values:

Pragmatic Optimism. Building a new category of world-class power generation requires the optimism of ambition and creativity, balanced with practicality to solve problems efficiently. The challenges that arise are opportunities for growth. 
Excellence without Ego. We bring expertise and commitment to creating the best customer experience, from sales to deployment and service, just as we apply deep technical rigor to building and delivering world-class products. We strive for excellence and behave as leaders with the humility to acknowledge our challenges, both collectively and as individual contributors. 
Proactive Collaboration. The integration and cross-disciplinary nature of Mainspring’s business requires intentionally seeking out others who bring different skills, perspectives, and priorities. Our culture of inclusion and respect extends beyond our team to interactions with our partners and customers. 

Mainspring is based in Menlo Park and has partnered with top-tier investors and utilities such as Khosla Ventures, Bill Gates, NextEra, and American Electric Power. More information can be found at www.mainspringenergy.com.

Responsibilities

The Linear Generator is a sophisticated, automated, and integrated system spanning a wide range of engineering disciplines including thermodynamics, mechanical, electrical, software, and controls. As a member of our Operations & Analytics Team, you will be part of a dynamic group that delivers the best product and experience that Mainspring Energy has to offer. This includes operation and monitoring of our fleet of Linear Generators (LGens), debugging issues, management of incident resolution and advanced data analysis aimed at improving our product and communicating on our fleet performance.

This is a foundational role in a newly developing company function and there is an enormous opportunity to influence how this work is done now and into the future. The breadth of this role is perfect for an engineer who wants to use their advanced analytical and technical skills in a fast-paced and challenging environment. We are looking for an ambitious and curious individual excited to work at the interface of operations, systems engineering, and analytics.

The role is also targeting someone to support fleet coverage from 6pm to 11pm Pacific time as part of an 8 to 10-hour day. The position is available for both HQ based candidates and those remote and located in further western time zones.

As a Member Of The Team, You Will 

Manage operations of the rapidly growing Mainspring Energy LGen fleet. That includes remote operation, troubleshooting and leading incident resolution 
Be a critical member in cross-functional team that will design, implement and use of our monitoring and communication platform 
Deliver regular, high-quality analytics to the Service, Engineering, and Sales Teams on:
Fleet availability, performance, and connectivity 
NERC metrics and compliance 
Biggest opportunities for improvement 
Issues and resolution 
Deliver high-quality data reports to customers and regulatory agencies 
Improve automation through the development of necessary tools 
Collaborate with O&M to optimally schedule and execute planned and unplanned service activities 
Enjoy exposure to company-wide activities including quality assurance, test engineering, reliability, product validation and software development 
Help identify and train new team members for the rapidly growing business unit 
Qualifications

Demonstrated ability to resolve complex troubleshooting problems and make right decisions under high pressure situations 
Previous experience with an appetite for systems engineering (electro-mechanical, mechatronics, energy systems) 
Work experience with data engineering or data analytics e.g. time-series data, cloud tools, dashboards, industry standard tools, or custom tools of your own 
Demonstrated ability to build and maintain highly disciplined operations and training processes 
Preferred experience in a fleet management role or remote operations of assets, ideally for an energy company 

The Bay Area salary for this role is $115k-$120k base + pre-IPO stock options + benefits. This position can be remote. The salary will be adjusted to reflect local market conditions based on employee location as well as the experience of the employee.

Does your experience not meet all of our posted requirements? Studies have shown that some people are less likely to apply to positions unless they meet every listed requirement. At Mainspring, we are committed to building a diverse, inclusive, flexible, and collaborative environment, so if you want to help us transition the world to clean and affordable electricity, and don’t meet all posted requirements for a particular role, we’d still love to hear from you. Mainspring can sometimes be flexible enough to shift responsibilities for the right person, or otherwise identify open or upcoming roles that may better fit your professional background.

In more traditional words, Mainspring Energy, Inc is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, or protected veteran status and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability.

This compensation and benefits information is based on Mainspring Energy's estimate as of the date of publication and may be modified in the future. We generally do not negotiate on salary once we have made an offer. The level of pay within the range will depend on a variety of job-related factors that may include location, relevant prior experience and/or education, or particular skills and expertise. New hires joining the company tend to be paid within the starting base pay range noted above, with opportunities to increase pay over time based on development of additional skills, competencies, and company-specific knowledge.