About the job
Description

Amazon is looking for a Data Engineer (DE) to join the North America Supply Chain (NASC)'s Science, Intelligence, & Analytics (NASC-SIA) team.

The successful candidate will be a self-starter, comfortable with ambiguity, and able to create and maintain automated processes efficiently. They will set the vision, define the roadmap, and work alongside stakeholders across organizations to deliver results. They know and love working with various AWS Cloud and Data Technologies, understand the principles and techniques of distributed computing, and are enthusiastic about working with data in diverse forms, types, volumes, velocities, etc. This role will have an immediate and lasting impact on both internal and external customers, and provides a unique opportunity to impact Amazon's Supply Chain business at scale for those willing to roll up their sleeves and dive deep to achieve results.

Key job responsibilities

 Implement & maintain an AWS Cloud Infrastructure to securely store, process, and deliver NASC planning data.
 Build and support a modern data architecture that integrates a wide range of available AWS data technologies.
 Ensure the accessibility, trustworthiness, usability, and security of NASC planning data.

About The Team

As part of North America Supply Chain Science Intelligence Analytics team (NASC-SIA), the NASC-SIA Engineering team is responsible for building and maintaining the critical data infrastructure, data management platform, and various planning tools that support NASC's planning and operational needs.

Basic Qualifications

 1+ years of data engineering experience
 Experience with data modeling, warehousing and building ETL pipelines
 Experience with one or more query language (e.g., SQL, PL/SQL, DDL, MDX, HiveQL, SparkSQL, Scala)
 Experience with one or more scripting language (e.g., Python, KornShell)
 Experience as a data engineer or related specialty (e.g., software engineer, business intelligence engineer, data scientist) with a track record of manipulating, processing, and extracting value from large datasets

Preferred Qualifications

 Experience with big data technologies such as: Hadoop, Hive, Spark, EMR
 Experience with any ETL tool like, Informatica, ODI, SSIS, BODI, Datastage, etc.
 Exposure to Supply Chain business operations, particularly the labor planning processes.

Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us.

Our compensation reflects the cost of labor across several US geographic markets. The base pay for this position ranges from $91,200/year in our lowest geographic market up to $185,000/year in our highest geographic market. Pay is based on a number of factors including market location and may vary depending on job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. Amazon is a total compensation company. Dependent on the position offered, equity, sign-on payments, and other forms of compensation may be provided as part of a total compensation package, in addition to a full range of medical, financial, and/or other benefits. For more information, please visit https://www.aboutamazon.com/workplace/employee-benefits. This position will remain posted until filled. Applicants should apply via our internal or external career site.


Company - Amazon.com Services LLC

Job ID: A2695372