About the job
Position: Project Contributor
Project Location: United States (Remote)
Engagement Model: Task-Based

DataForce by TransPerfect is looking for native English (US) speakers with different accents, adults and minors older than 6 years old, to participate in our Dasheen Audio Data Collection project.

What is the project about?
The purpose of this project is to record expressive dialogues to improve automatic text-to-speech AI systems.

Task description:
Participants will be expected to record themselves while reading the provided scripts with the correct emotions. For this project, we are looking for participants to read in various accents spoken in the USA.
Recordings will be performed on our recording platform. Instructions on how to use the platform and project-specific guidelines will be provided to selected participants.

Who is eligible?
There are three options you can choose from to participate in this project:
1. You can register alone as an adult.
2. You can register yourself and your child(ren).
3. You can register only your child(ren).

For adults to be selected for this project, you should meet the following qualifying criteria:
- Be a resident of the USA.
- Be a native speaker of English (US).
- In case you also wish for your child(ren) to participate, you will need to be the legal guardian of the child(ren) you are registering and sign the Parental Consent Form prior to the child(ren)’s participation.

You can register up to 6 children for participation.
Each child you register should meet the following qualifying criteria:
- Be 6-17 years old.
- Be a resident of the USA.
- Be a native speaker of English (US).

What equipment do you need?
You need to own or have access to the below equipment for recording:
1. A Computer that meets the following minimum criteria:
- Minimum Internet speed: 1 Mbps (Megabit per second).
- Minimum Screen Resolution: 1280 x 1024 pixels.
- Operating system: Mac OSX 10.12 and later or Windows 10 (64 bits) build version 1809 or later.
- Minimum RAM: 8 GB.
2. A headset with a microphone that can record in 16bits/48kHz.
Please note that recordings made with a computer microphone will not be accepted.

To assess your and/or your child(ren)’s accents, we will ask you to upload a short sample voice recording in this application form. Please record the sample(s) with the headset you plan to use for the project. We will analyze this recording sample to determine your and/or your child(ren)’s eligibility for this project. Please note that this is not an actual project task.

Where is the project taking place?
This is a fully remote project. You can participate from the comfort of your home.

****
DataForce by TransPerfect is part of the TransPerfect family of companies, the world’s largest provider of language and technology solutions for global business, with offices in more than 100 cities worldwide.

We offer high-quality data for Human-Machine Interaction to some of the most prestigious technology companies in the world. Our division focuses on gathering, enriching, and processing data for Machine Learning in different AI domains.

To learn more about DataForce please visit us at https://www.transperfect.com/dataforce