About the job
Description
Please note, this is a hybrid position requiring 8 days per month on-site in Lakeland, FL.

Welcome to Publix Technology, the award-winning technical group for Publix Super Markets, Inc., the largest employee-owned company in the nation. Our technology teams of 2100+ associates provide innovative, modern solutions to nearly 1400 retail stores and 200,000+ internal team members across 8 states. We offer positions at all levels – summer internships, individual contributor roles, to technical leadership across a broad range of technical disciplines. So, whether you are interested in IT security, platform engineering, architecture, software development, or infrastructure – we have a career path for you! See for yourself why Publix Super Markets, Inc. is a constant on Fortune Magazine’s Best Companies to Work list.

Join the Supply Chain team where you will support large-scale data processing for the Supply Chain forecasting and replenishment engines.

Responsibilities:
Lead design and development of data-oriented solutions involving On-Prem and cloud (Microsoft Azure) technologies as a Python/Databricks Engineer on the Supply Chain Forecasting and Replenishment team.
Provide hands-on development for complex Python/Databricks solutions.
Lead development, deployment, maintenance, and optimization of data pipelines and workflows using Databricks.
Collaborate closely with data engineers, data scientists, and other stakeholders to understand requirements, design solutions, and implement them using Databricks' platform.
Optimize and tune Databricks jobs for performance and scalability.
Convert requirements to technical design, develop high-quality solutions, and implement while collaborating with other technical and business teams.
Lead technical team through problem determination and resolution on highly complex problems.
Work in a cross-functional team environment utilizing an agile approach.
Maintain strong analytical, planning, problem solving, writing, and presentation skills.
Facilitate technical knowledge transfers and perform peer code reviews.

Required Qualifications

Bachelor’s Degree in Management Information Systems, Computer Science, Business, or other analytical disciplines or equivalent experience
7+ years of experience in application design, development, and delivery in an enterprise environment
7+ years of experience developing large-scale data manipulation processes.
2+ years of experience utilizing Databricks for Python
5+ years of experience working with relational databases.
5+ years of experience implementing large scale enterprise applications.
5+ years of experience in analyzing complex, enterprise business problems or processes and translating business requirements into technology solutions that factor in system performance, usability, quality, cross-system interdependencies, scalability, and total cost of ownership.
Proficient in writing complex queries using an ANSI-compliant SQL language against an enterprise relational database management system.
Experience planning and managing all activities associated with delivering solutions in a large-scale distributed environment.

Preferred Qualifications

9+ years of experience in application design, development, and delivery in an enterprise environment
9+ years of experience developing large-scale data manipulation processes.
4+ years of experience utilizing Databricks for Python
7+ years of experience working with relational databases.
7+ years of experience implementing large scale enterprise applications.
7+ years of experience in analyzing complex, enterprise business problems or processes and translating business requirements into technology solutions that factor in system performance, usability, quality, cross-system interdependencies, scalability, and total cost of ownership.
Experience in implementing enterprise applications using platform services like azure App service, Azure SQL, Azure Service Bus, notification hubs, event hubs, Microservices, stream analytics, Snowflake DB, Redis Cache, OpenAPI, IoT Hub, application insights, etc.
Experience with Azure DevOps for managing project tasks, managing code repositories, and creating yaml pipelines for CI/CD builds and deployments.
AZ-303 and/or AZ 304 Azure certifications or equivalent experience in designing/architecting Azure solutions
Experience with C# and/or Angular development