About the job
Description

Amazon is looking for talented Postdoctoral Scientists to join our Corporate Projects team for a one-year, full-time research position.

Corporate Projects is a team that sits within the broader Corporate Development organization at Amazon. We seek to bring net-new, strategic projects to life by working together with customers and evolving projects from ZERO-to-ONE. To do so, we deploy our resources towards proofs-of-concept and pilot programs and develop them from high-level ideas (the ZERO) to tangible short-term results that provide validating signal and a path to scale (the ONE). We work with our customers to develop and create net-new opportunities by relentlessly scouring all of Amazon and finding new and innovative ways to strengthen and/or accelerate the Amazon Flywheel.

As a Postdoctoral Scientist on the Corporate Projects team, you will develop algorithms and approaches to identifying and objects that the robot will need to interact with and providing a video feed that is useful to training with teleoperation.

Key job responsibilities

In This Role You Will

 Work closely with a senior science advisor, collaborate with other scientists and engineers, and be part of Amazon’s vibrant and diverse global science community.
 Publish your innovation in top-tier academic venues and hone your presentation skills.
 Be inspired by challenges and opportunities to invent cutting-edge techniques in your area(s) of expertise.

Basic Qualifications

 PhD in a relevant field, received within 2 years of starting the program
 Proven publication record in Machine Learning, Robotics, Computer Vision, Deep Learning, Natural Language Processing, Computer Science, or other related technical fields
 Experience in data science and quantitative research
 Proficiency in technologies relevant to the subfield

Required Application Materials

 CV, which lists all peer-reviewed publications and conferences
 Research statement that outlines your research achievements and future research interests
 A journal article or book chapter that demonstrates your domain expertise

Preferred Qualifications

 Ability to independently deliver results in a fast-paced environment
 Publications at top-tier, peer-reviewed conferences and/or journals
 Exceptional verbal and written communication skills
 Expert knowledge in modeling and performance, operationalization, and scalability of scientific techniques and establishing decision strategies

Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us.


Company - Amazon.com Services LLC

Job ID: A2643922