About the job
Company Overview

Wherever you work and whatever role you fill, when you represent the Bridgestone name you know that you are a valued teammate who is part of our larger mission to “Serve Society with Superior Quality.” We start by offering each teammate more than just a salary. We provide formal training, competitive performance incentives, paid vacation and holidays, healthcare packages for full-time and part-time employees, and a 401k plan to help build your future.

We believe people can only provide superior service and quality to others when they are allowed to bring their whole selves to work and know they are supported. We believe in championing all perspectives, individuals and teams because we understand the importance of seeing the world and our business through many different lenses. We are building a team as diverse as the world we serve. So, show us what you’re made of. Show us the smart stuff, the tough stuff, the bold, beautiful and brave stuff. Because who you are is what we need.

Bridgestone Americas, Inc. is headquartered in Nashville, Tennessee and is the U.S. subsidiary of Bridgestone Corporation headquartered in Japan. Bridgestone Americas and its subsidiaries develop, manufacture and market a wide range of Bridgestone, Firestone and associate brand products to address the needs of a broad range of customers and industries.

Job Category

Data & Analytics

Position Summary

Commercial Data & Analytics Analyst work includes: Analyzing business intelligence data to inform business and product decisions. Blending historical data from available industry reports, public information, field reports or purchased sources as input to analyses. Identifying and analyzing industry/geographic trends and competitor market strategies and monitoring current/potential customer trends.

Responsibilities


Collaborates with field sales to understand business challenges and opportunities and develops data solutions that meet the business intelligence or insights needs.
Creates and deploys business intelligence solutions (interactive analytic reports and dashboards) using visualization tools that lead to actionable insights.
Analyzes data, forming conclusions and recommendations, producing insights that will help shape effective strategies to achieve business outcomes.
Identifies critical data sources necessary to achieve desired business outcomes and collaborates with others across the organization to integrate data into a consistent and usable format.
Drives adoption of dashboards by providing consultation and training for end users.
Identifies & resolves data quality issues discovered during the business intelligence and insights process.


Minimum Qualifications


Bachelor’s degree in an analytical area such as MIS, Finance, or Business Analytics and 1-2 years of experience in reporting, analytics or business insights
Proficient in Tableau desktop or Alteryx or similar data blending tool
Excellent communication skills
Experience analyzing data to solve a wide variety of business problems.
Self-starter with strong time management and organizational skills
Able to work in ambiguous situations and respond flexibly to changing circumstances, priorities, and time constraints.
Team player with ability to collaborate with others.


Bridgestone is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity / Affirmative Action employer. It is our policy to consider for employment all individuals regardless of age, color, national origin, citizenship status, physical or mental disability, race, religion, gender, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, genetic information, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law.

Employment Eligibility

If hired, a Form I-9 Employment Eligibility Verification must be completed at the start of employment. Temporary work authorization or the need for sponsorship may disqualify you from employment.