About the job
Position Summary
There’s no margin for error in our missions, so every critical decision we make has to be airtight. As an Operations Analyst Officer, you’ll make sure all decisions have the proper data to back them up. You’ll work with Data Science officers to ensure their insights are precise and research new systems and equipment to provide decision-makers with relevant, prompt and accurate information. 

Primary Responsibilities
Apply a structured approach to problem-solving using data.
Determine known and unknown parameters and/or variables and select the appropriate methodology to solve them.
Analyze risk within uncertain environments.
Visually communicate complex quantitative and qualitative information.

Benefits
Outstanding free or low-cost healthcare coverage for you and your family
Food and housing assistance
Continuing-education opportunities
World-travel opportunities
Up to a $10,000 bonus with a three-year contract paid over three years (dependent on member meeting all eligibility requirements based on IAW Air Force policy and law)

Qualifications
Bachelor’s degree in one of the following fields: operations research, mathematics, statistics, industrial engineering, computer science, computational science, data science, quantitative economics, industrial or systems engineering, physics, or mathematics
Completion of eight-week Officer Training School (OTS) at Maxwell AFB, AL
Must be between the ages of 17 and 42

About the Air Force Reserve
The Air Force Reserve is a proud partner in America’s defense, offering a variety of part-time and full-time careers with full-time benefits. These include low-cost health insurance, a noncontributory retirement plan, tuition assistance and educational programs. The Air Force Reserve recruits talent and provides highly technical training to help you build and sustain the world’s most-advanced airpower. All with the flexibility to advance in your civilian career or education while serving close to home. Also, if you’re currently serving or have served, and ready for more, we can use your experience.