About the job
OVERVIEW
Welo Data is seeking a Data Specialist to contribute to an AI technology project. The ideal candidate will have a foundational understanding of machine learning, data annotation, data handling, quality assurance, and natural language processing. They will play a pivotal role in updating our machine-learning models and ensuring their efficacy.
Project Details
Job Title: Data Specialist
Location: Onsite office in Redmond, WA
Hours: 40 hours weekly
Start date: ASAP
Employment Type: W2 Full-Time Employee
Pay rate: $19.5/ hour

Key Responsibilities
Test new functionality and performance of AI products
Accurately annotate natural language data in English according to provided guidelines
Participate in data generation, rating, and quality assurance tasks
Ensure data sets are relevant and aligned with project goals
Perform basic quality control to ensure data reliability
Identify and report error patterns and anomalies
Use basic data analysis techniques to gather insights
Resolve discrepancies to maintain consistent data quality
Prepare reports on findings, including issues related to utterance quality, AI model performance, and customer feedback

Preferred Qualifications
Bachelor's degree 
Strong analytical skills with the ability to identify patterns and anomalies 
Ability to work in a fast-paced, collaborative environment
Excellent communication skills
Capable of adapting to changing priorities as needed

Benefits
Paid Sick Time
Employee Assistance Program 
Following eligibility requirements: Medical Insurance
Dental Insurance
Vision Insurance
HSA
Voluntary Life Insurance
Accident, Critical Illness, Hospital Indemnity Insurance
401(k) Retirement Plan


Please note that in order to verify work authorization as is required by Federal law (I-9 process), all new employees must complete a live video verification with their selected IDs and provide photos of these selected IDs within their first 3 days of employment.
To know more details (Click here)
In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification form upon hire. In addition, we employ anti-fraud checks to ensure all candidates meet the requirements of the program.
As a trusted global transformation partner, Welocalize accelerates the global business journey by enabling brands and companies to reach, engage, and grow international audiences. Welocalize delivers multilingual content transformation services in translation, localization, and adaptation for over 250 languages with a growing network of over 400,000 in-country linguistic resources. Driving innovation in language services, Welocalize delivers high-quality training data transformation solutions for NLP-enabled machine learning by blending technology and human intelligence to collect, annotate, and evaluate all content types. Our team works across locations in North America, Europe, and Asia serving our global clients in the markets that matter to them. www.welocalize.com
To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform essential functions.