About the job
Overview

Looking for a career with purpose and reward? At LoanCare we help customers every day with what is for many their largest and most personal financial transaction: the purchase of their home. With the mission to simplify the complex with empathy and insight, we are constantly innovating and are a top provider in the mortgage services industry as a result.

We are actively seeking to fill the role of DE Underwriter (Licensed). Our ideal candidate enjoys working with clients, both internal and external, eager to learn and maximize results, is detail oriented and driven to meet tight deadlines in a fast-paced environment. Background in the mortgage or real estate industry is a plus. If this sounds like you, and you are ready for a career and not just your next job, apply today!

Responsibilities

 Responsible for reviewing all documentation, performing analysis, and making sound decisions on loan assumption applications. 
 Review and audit files for compliance with agency, portfolio, government, and investor guidelines 
 Detailed financial analysis of credit, income, and asset qualifications. 
 Evaluate appraisal reports, preliminary title reports, and other property reports, if required 
 Review disclosures to assure compliance with appropriate guidelines. 
 Answer scenario and qualification questions from staff 
 Communicate with various investors regarding investor guidelines and inquiries. 
 Perform a variety of mortgage loan assumption documentation duties as required. 
 Completes all underwriting functions in accordance with various program requirements, company standards, and related legal and regulatory requirements. 
 Maintains knowledge of underwriting requirements and policies as well as investor and government agency guidelines. 
 Maintains understanding of writing overlays such as bond loans. 
 Experience with post-closing review process. 
 All other duties as assigned. 


Qualifications

 High School Diploma or equivalent required.
 Bachelor’s degree in business or related field preferred.
 Current FHA DE Underwriter designation/CHUMS ID
 5+ years of mortgage banking experience specific to underwriting; technical history with FHLMC,FNMA, FHA, VA, or equivalent mortgage products.
 Knowledge of release of liability, in-depth knowledge of disclosure requirements for qualifying and non-qualifying assumptions, and knowledge of underwriting overlays for products such as bond loans.
 Must be up-to-date on current knowledge of government and conventional guidelines.
 Proficient in BKFS MSP, FNMA/FHLMC online systems, and AllRegs.
 Proficient in Microsoft Office (Word and Excel), Outlook and general PC applications.
 Ability to work independently in a fast-paced environment.
 Ability to multi-task while maintaining accuracy.


WORK FROM HOME

About Remote Employment

LoanCare provides virtual training and support so employees working from home can be successful. You will never be alone on your journey as you will connect through Teams video chat, so that you remain engaged and form relationships with your leadership team and coworkers. We offer online/remote training, which is both dynamic and interactive, so you get the most out of the training opportunities. Our Training department also offers a large number of free on-demand online training courses that you can take to help you grow and expand your skills and knowledge.

As an added benefit for remote employees, we offer exciting engagement opportunities, such as fitness classes, contests, and fun seminars/learning activities that you can participate in from the comfort of your own home.

We provide all of the necessary equipment; all you need to provide is a quiet, private place in your home and a high-speed internet connection with a minimum network download speed of 25 megabits per second (mbps) and a minimum network upload speed of 10 mbps. Remote employees will be required to sign a Telecommuting Agreement in addition to the job description.

Who We Are

LoanCare is a top national provider in mortgage loan subservicing. The Company has been servicing loans for over 30 years and are known for superior customer support and digital innovation. Over $300 billion in asset value is managed by the team. LoanCare is part of Fidelity National Financial (NYSE: FNF), a leading provider of title insurance and transaction services to the real estate and mortgage industries.

Essential Functions

Basic job duties an employee must be able to perform with, or without, reasonable accommodation.

Critical Thinking — Using logic and reasoning to identify the strengths and weaknesses of alternative solutions, conclusions or approaches to problems.

Reading Comprehension — Understanding written sentences and paragraphs in work related documents.

English Language — Knowledge of the structure and content of the English language including the meaning and spelling of words, rules of composition, and grammar.

Speaking — Talking to others to convey information effectively.

Active Learning — Understanding the implications of new information for both current and future problem-solving and decision-making.

Active Listening — Giving full attention to what other people is saying, taking time to understand the points being made, asking questions as appropriate, and not interrupting at inappropriate times.

Instructing — Teaching Others How To Do Something.

Judgment and Decision Making — Considering the relative costs and benefits of potential actions to choose the most appropriate one.

Time Management — Managing one's own time and the time of others.

Writing — Communicating effectively in writing as appropriate for the needs of the audience.

Complex Problem Solving — Identifying complex problems and reviewing related information to develop and evaluate options and implement solutions.

Deductive Reasoning — The ability to apply general rules to specific problems to produce answers that make sense.

Problem Sensitivity — The ability to tell when something is wrong or is likely to go wrong. It does not involve solving the problem, only recognizing there is a problem.

Written Comprehension — The ability to read and understand information and ideas presented in writing.

Inductive Reasoning — The ability to combine pieces of information to form general rules or conclusions (includes finding a relationship among seemingly unrelated events).

Information Ordering — The ability to arrange things or actions in a certain order or pattern according to a specific rule or set of rules (e.g., patterns of numbers, letters, words, pictures, mathematical operations).

Near Vision — The ability to see details at close range (within a few feet of the observer).

Oral Comprehension — The ability to listen to and understand information and ideas presented through spoken words and sentences.

Oral Expression — The ability to communicate information and ideas in speaking so others will understand.

Speech Recognition — The ability to identify and understand the speech of another person.

Speech Clarity — The ability to speak clearly so others can understand you.

WORK CONDITIONS

Working conditions are normal for an office environment. Ability to attend work and be productive during normal business hours and to work early, late, or weekend hours as needed for successful job performance. Overtime required as necessary. Essential functions are the basic job duties that an employee must be able to perform, with or without reasonable accommodation.

PHYSICAL DEMANDS

 Sitting up to 90% of time 
 Walking and standing up to 10% of time 
 Occasional lifting, stooping, kneeling, crouching, and reaching. 


EQUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY

LoanCare, its affiliates and subsidiaries, is an Equal Opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, disability, protected veteran status, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression (including transgender status), genetic information or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.