About the job
Job Title

DER Integration Data Fall Student Engineer

Location:

Knoxville, TN, Remote/Home Based

Job Summary And Description

Job Summary: 

This is an internship position to support an EPRI research project to collect, post-process, and publicly release the data from a solar PV plus battery energy storage plant. The student intern will gain hands-on experience with real-world operational data collected from an actual plant. 
Looking for full- or part-time student intern who can work during Fall (Aug-Dec) 2024 and/or Spring (Jan-Apr) 2025. 

The Student Will Support The EPRI Team By

Reviewing the collected data and identify errors and missing values. 
Anonymizing and categorizing the data for public release. 
Performing analysis to understand the performance of the PV-plus-storage plant. Expertise with Python, Julia or R and their respective data analysis and visualization packages (e.g., numpy, pandas, matplotlib, etc.) is required for this position. 

Qualifications

Bachelor’s Degree in Electrical and Computer Engineering required 
2 years of PhD studies (preferred) 

Ideal Candidate

Electrical engineering PhD student with a focus on data science or renewable energy generation in general. 
Strong programming skills with Python, Julia or R including proficiency in data analysis and visualization packages (e.g., NumPy, pandas, Matplotlib, etc.). 
Understanding of statistics and data analysis concepts. 
Familiarity with PV and/or storage inverter control and operation is a plus. 
Familiarity with database management using SQL is a plus.

The Hourly Rate Range For Student Positions Are

Undergraduate: $16-29 per hour
Masters: $25-31 per hour
Ph.D: $27-34 per hour

These ranges are an estimate, and the actual hourly rate may vary based on various factors, including without limitation applicant's education, experience, skills, and abilities, as well as internal equity and alignment with market data. The hourly rate may also be adjusted based on applicant's geographic location.

As an EPRI Student, you will not participate in EPRI’s Benefit Programs which includes health insurance, retirement benefits, vacation, sick leave (except as set required by law) and holiday pay. However, as a Student employee you are eligible for the benefits of Social Security, State Disability Insurance, and Workers’ Compensation Insurance.

For Student positions which require one to relocate to an EPRI office. Relocation assistance is not provided and the student will be responsible for covering all relocation costs/expenses.


EPRI participates in E-Verify, an online system operated jointly by the Department of Homeland Security and the Social Security Administration (SSA). EPRI uses the system to check the work status of new hires by comparing information from the employee's I-9 form against SSA and Department of Homeland Security databases.

EPRI is an equal opportunity employer. EEO/AA/M/F/VETS/Disabled

Together . . . Shaping the Future of Energy.

www.epri.com