About the job
Bulfinch Temporary Service, an affiliate of Mass General Brigham, is committed to supporting patient care, research, teaching, and service to the community. We place great value on being a diverse, equitable and inclusive organization as we aim to reflect the diversity of the patients we serve. At Mass General Brigham, we believe in equal access to quality care, employment and advancement opportunities encompassing the full spectrum of human diversity: race, gender identity, sexual orientation, ability, religion, ethnicity, national origin and all the other forms of human presence and expression that make us better able to provide innovative and cutting-edge healthcare and research.

Job Descrption

A Research Technician position is available in the lab of Katia Georgopoulos in the Cutaneous Biology Research Center at the MGH/Harvard Medical School.

In our group we study the transcriptional and epigenetic mechanisms that control lymphocyte differentiation and immune cell function. We employ a variety of mouse and humanized mouse model systems to study the role of lineage specific transcriptional and epigenetic regulators in the generation of immune cell types, in adaptive immunity, and in immune cell homeostasis.

We are looking for a motivated candidate to assist with our projects on immune cell differentiation and function, biological processes whose deregulation leads to immune cell deficiencies and malignancies.

Specific Responsibilities

These may vary depending on project needs.

 Maintains laboratory notebook 
 Understands and applies basic scientific techniques. 
 Conducts analysis and interpretation of results. 
 Sets up and performs experiments as directed. 
 Organizes and presents data in group meetings. 

The candidate must have a B.S. or B.A. in biological sciences or related field before starting. This position is ideal for a graduating student who is looking for 2-years of research experience before applying to graduate/medical school. The candidate must have knowledge of general biochemistry and molecular biology techniques, with some laboratory experience from course work or internships in research labs during the undergraduate years. Some experience with computer science and bioinformatic would be desirable but not necessary. Prior experience with working with mouse as a model organism or experience in flow cytometry would be an added benefit but not necessary.

Ability to work independently and as a team member is required.

Good Communication Skills Are Required.

Primary Location

MA-Boston-MGH 101 Merrimac

Work Locations

MGH 101 Merrimac

Job

Research - Other

Organization

Massachusetts General Hospital(MGH)

Schedule

Full-time

Standard Hours

1

Shift

Day Job

Employee Status

Temporary

Recruiting Department

Bulfinch Temporary Service

Job Posting

Jul 23, 2024