About the job
Job Details

Description

We are hiring Housekeepers in our Property Services department! This position is responsible for keeping office buildings, apartment complexes, commercial or institutional buildings, restrooms, private and common areas, and outdoor program areas in clear and orderly condition. Housekeeper 1 starts at $15.75 per hour, housekeeper 2 starts at $16, & housekeeper 3 starts at $16.50. We also offer a $1.50 differential for hours on the weekend.

We have a full time opening for the Cottages, working Mon-Fri from 7:30a-4p. We also have PRN float positions available for all shifts. Seeking candidates with open availability.

CHECK OUT OUR FULL BENEFITS PACKAGE HERE!

Accepting applications until filled. Valid Driver's License required. 

Essential Duties And Responsibilities

General cleaning, vacuuming, mopping, dusting, and emptying trash receptacles of commercial buildings, common and dining areas, etc.
Deep cleaning as needed and requested.
Troubleshooting any situations that may arise and utilizing appropriate resources when necessary.
Stocking supplies in the restrooms.
Inventory paper and cleaning supplies and submit order requests to Coordinator.
Report damaged or improperly working equipment and property promptly using the work order process.
Maintain outside grounds as well as around dumpster, by removing trash, sweeping and assisting with snow removal when necessary.
Performing routine maintenance checks on equipment to ensure normal working condition and promptly report any concerns to supervisor.
Providing coverage as requested for corporate-wide call-offs when they occur.
Washing, drying, and folding rags and mop heads.
Floor care, carpet extraction, buffing stripping and waxing of hard surface floors as requested.
Available for on call rotation.

General Duties And Responsibilities

Other duties as assigned.

Clearances & Health Requirements

The following background checks are conducted by Hilltop Community Resources:

Hilltop Criminal Background Check
Sex Offender Registry
Driving Record
Colorado Adult Protective Services Background Check (CAPS)
Department of Health and Human Services Office of Inspector General (OIG) Exclusion List
Tuberculosis (Tb) Skin Test
Influenza Vaccination
Any other required vaccination