About the job
Build your best future with the Johnson Controls team

As a global leader in smart, healthy and sustainable buildings, our mission is to reimagine the performance of buildings to serve people, places and the planet.

Join a winning team that enables you to build your best future!

Our teams are uniquely positioned to support many industries worldwide. You will have the opportunity to develop yourself through meaningful work projects and learning opportunities. We strive to provide our employees with experience, focused on supporting their physical, financial, and emotional wellbeing.

Become a member of the Johnson Controls family and thrive in an empowering company culture where your voice and ideas will be heard – your next great opportunity is just a few clicks away!

What We Offer

Competitive salary 
Paid vacation/holidays/sick time - 15 days (about 2 weeks) of vacation first year 
Comprehensive benefits package including 401K, medical, dental, and vision care - Available day one 
Extensive product and on the job/cross training opportunities with outstanding resources 
Encouraging and collaborative team environment 
Dedication to safety through our Zero Harm policy 
Company vehicle 

Check us Out: A Day in a Life at Johnson Controls

What You Will Do

Under general direction, responsible for the design, configuration, and operation of complete building control systems including fire, security, and other low voltage control sub-systems (i.e., lighting, nurse call, data networks, etc.) to meet the intent of the project requirements. 
Accountable to field teams for quality, timeliness and efficiency of designs. Develops complex software programs, commissioning and troubleshooting to ensure proper operations of the building control system. 
Provide detailed information and submittals to communicate design and operation to customers, consultants, Johnson Controls field installation team and subcontractors. 

How You Will Do It

Designs and configures technically complex building control systems as defined by the contract documents. 
Creates flow diagrams, sequence of operations, bill of material, network layouts and electrical schematics as required. 
Develops and tests software programs necessary to operate the system per the project requirements' intent. 
Coordinates and creates necessary drawings and equipment schedules for submittals and installation. 
Selects, orders, and tracks the delivery of materials for assigned projects. 
Coordinates factory-mounting processes to meet factory and project schedule. 
Assists in the loading and commissioning of all system and network-level controllers as required. 
Assists in validation of complete system functionality and troubleshoots problems with subcontractors and other trades to ensure proper operation. 
Provides field change information to the project team for the creation of as-built drawings and software. 
Keeps management and JCI contractor or customer informed of job progress and issues. 
Assists in performing site-specific training for owner / operator on the total building control system. 
Participates in release meeting with project field team. 
Performs value engineering to provide cost effective results while maintaining customer satisfaction. 
May provide work direction to Systems Design Assistants. 
Adheres to safety standards. 
High degree of regard to employee and subcontractor safety 

Required

What we look for

Bachelor's degree in engineering and minimum 3 years' experience.
Demonstrated knowledge of the construction or HVAC industry. 
Demonstrated knowledge of control theory, automatic temperature controls, building automation systems and other building subsystems. 
Demonstrated experience in the integration of low voltage building sub-systems using various industry protocols (i.e., LON, BACnet, etc.). 
Ability to relate technical knowledge to a non-technical audience.
Demonstrated advanced computer skills required, particularly computer-related drafting tools. 

Johnson Controls International plc. is an equal employment opportunity and affirmative action employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, protected veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity, status as a qualified individual with a disability or any other characteristic protected by law. To view more information about your equal opportunity and non-discrimination rights as a candidate, visit EEO is the Law. If you are an individual with a disability and you require an accommodation during the application process, please visit here.