About the job
This job is sourced from a job board. Learn More
Job Description

We are a dynamic team of top-tier AI and Data engineers, dedicated to pushing the boundaries of artificial intelligence by leveraging the huge potential of patent data. Our mission is to develop state-of-the-art AI solutions that revolutionize how invention information is extracted and utilized. We thrive in a collaborative and relaxed environment where creativity and knowledge sharing are at the core of our culture. Our team is passionate about learning from each other and tackling challenges with innovative approaches. We take pride in our work, enjoying the process as much as the outcomes, and find fulfillment in our collective achievements. By fostering an open and supportive atmosphere, we ensure that every team member feels valued and integral to our mission. We embrace the power of collaboration and technology to stay connected and work seamlessly together.

Are you a Machine Learning Rockstar ready to take the lead on some seriously cool projects? We're looking for someone to design cutting-edge models for text understanding, document similarity, text annotation, image recognition, conversational and assistant LLMs, and more. If you're creative, love solving tough problems, and enjoy a good challenge, you'll fit right in!

You’re looking for a full-time role where you can be part of a small, innovative team that’s pushing the boundaries of AI. You’re not afraid to take on challenges and get your hands dirty, and you always bring a positive attitude to your work. You’re curious and eager to learn new things, whether it’s a cutting-edge technique or a fresh approach to a familiar problem. You love getting involved in online communities, especially the open-source community, and enjoy sharing your ideas and learning from others.

You can stay focused on your goals but are also flexible and ready to adapt when plans change. You work well on your own, managing your time and tasks effectively, but you also thrive in a collaborative team environment. You enjoy social interaction with your colleagues, whether it’s in the office, through online hangouts, or casual chats, fostering a strong sense of teamwork and camaraderie.

Here's what you'll be doing:

Design innovative learning models for text annotation, image recognition, and LLM-based assistants or chats. 
Create and refine datasets to train and evaluate your own models. 
Build product prototypes that showcase the superpowers of your models. 
Architect scalable backends to bring your models to life. 
Optimize models on GPU platforms for training and inference. 

Here are the skills we are looking for:

Experience building ML models for online web or mobile apps, as well as training and customizing Transformer and LLM Models. 
Excellent skills with Python, PyTorch, and Hugging Face. (We love Python typing hints, and we hope you do too, because you'll be using them!)
Experience using AWS services for data preprocessing, model training in distributed GPU setups, and model deployment is a plus. 
Experience with the challenges of working with data at scale. 
Familiarity with Linux and CI/CD practices. Yeah, we use Linux; we LOVE Linux. 

General skills:

Familiarity with collaborative development best practices. Experience in open-source development is a big plus. 
A coding style that’s clean, robust, and integration-friendly. 
A mindset geared towards cloud environments and distributed systems. 
Strong research and problem-solving skills. 
Excellent organization and communication skills. 

What We Offer:

Join an amazing team in a relaxed and fun environment. 
100% remote work with a flexible schedule. 
Be part of an international team with members in the US and Barcelona. 
Continuous education and knowledge exchange, including attending conferences. 

Location and Working Hours: 

This is a remote position based in either the US and must work on US East Coast time zone. 
Background Check required. 

Company Description

We are Ensemble IP, a forward-thinking team of AI/Machine Learning experts and Intellectual Property (IP) Industry veterans building a new approach to using patent information to foster innovation. Quartet is our newly introduced, industry-leading, AI-enabled patent search platform allowing users to easily access and research over 145 million patent documents from more than 75+ patenting authorities throughout the world . Our team of highly-skilled patent analysts works directly with patent practitioners at top law firms and corporations worldwide to support legal and business decisions.

We have a fast-paced collaborative culture focused and every single one of us is an integral part of the mission and we believe in working together to meet our goals. We enjoy our work and are passionate about our mission; we have fun each day and take satisfaction in a job well done. We are a virtual organization and use technology platforms to communicate and effectively work together across locations and time zones.

We are Ensemble IP, a forward-thinking team of AI/Machine Learning experts and Intellectual Property (IP) Industry veterans building a new approach to using patent information to foster innovation. Quartet is our newly introduced, industry-leading, AI-enabled patent search platform allowing users to easily access and research over 145 million patent documents from more than 75+ patenting authorities throughout the world . Our team of highly-skilled patent analysts works directly with patent practitioners at top law firms and corporations worldwide to support legal and business decisions. We have a fast-paced collaborative culture focused and every single one of us is an integral part of the mission and we believe in working together to meet our goals. We enjoy our work and are passionate about our mission; we have fun each day and take satisfaction in a job well done. We are a virtual organization and use technology platforms to communicate and effectively work together across locations and time zones.