About the job
Our vision is to transform how the world uses information to enrich life for all. 

Micron Technology is a world leader in innovating memory and storage solutions that accelerate the transformation of information into intelligence, inspiring the world to learn, communicate and advance faster than ever.

Employ techniques and theories drawn from areas of mathematics, statistics, semiconductor physics, materials science, and information technology to uncover patterns in data from which predictive models, actionable insights, and solutions can be developed. Interact with experienced Data Scientists, Data Engineers, Business Areas Engineers, and UX teams to identify questions and issues for data analysis projects and improvement of existing tools. Develop software programs, algorithms, and/or automated processes to cleanse, integrate, and evaluate large datasets from multiple disparate sources. Work with data and conduct analytics on complex datasets to assist the fab to better understand manufacturing operation and provide solutions to pressing manufacturing process issues to drive down manufacturing cost and cycle time and improve product yield and quality. Identify, collect and manipulate new semi structured or unstructured datasets from disparate sources to make them available in Big Data Platform for user query and analysis, and provide data visualization to create new insights to business needs. Build and implement predictive analytics, models, and strategies to identify untapped opportunities, as well as hidden risks buried inside vast amounts of data.

Employer will accept a Master’s degree in Data Science, Data Engineering, Computer Science, Computer Engineering or related field.

As a world leader in the semiconductor industry, Micron is dedicated to your personal wellbeing and professional growth. Micron benefits are designed to help you stay well, provide peace of mind and help you prepare for the future. We offer a choice of medical, dental and vision plans in all locations enabling team members to select the plans that best meet their family healthcare needs and budget. Micron also provides benefit programs that help protect your income if you are unable to work due to illness or injury, and paid family leave. Additionally, Micron benefits include a robust paid time-off program and paid holidays. For additional information regarding the Benefit programs available, please see the Benefits Guide posted on micron.com/careers/benefits.

Micron is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, age, national origin, citizenship status, disability, protected veteran status, gender identity or any other factor protected by applicable federal, state, or local laws.

To learn about your right to work click here.

To learn more about Micron, please visit micron.com/careers

For US Sites Only: To request assistance with the application process and/or for reasonable accommodations, please contact Micron’s People Organization at hrsupport_na@micron.com or 1-800-336-8918 (select option #3)

Micron Prohibits the use of child labor and complies with all applicable laws, rules, regulations, and other international and industry labor standards.

Micron does not charge candidates any recruitment fees or unlawfully collect any other payment from candidates as consideration for their employment with Micron.