About the job
As aJunior Data Analystat HSP Direct, you will play a pivotal role in developing and optimizing mailing lists for our direct mail campaigns, with a primary focus on fundraising for conservative causes. You will ensure that our messages effectively reach and resonate with conservative individuals. You will embody the core principles that define our organization's culture and ethics, including acting with integrity, putting the client first, and maintaining the highest standards in every aspect of your work.

In this role, you are training to become an Audience Builder. You will be learning the direct mail process from building relationships with the client, idea creation, designing the letter, selecting the lists to mail, printing, analyzing results, and managing cash flow. Training involves, spending time with each of our core business sectors, shadowing Audience Builders, studying our returns and creativity, and mentorship provided by the Director of Audience Building. One major part of your job will be learning: 1) what data we have available. 2) how to access the data in our current tech infrastructure and 3) understanding the connection between the data you pull and the result of mailing those prospective donors.

Your average week will look like this:

10% shadowing Audience Builder
10% attending account team meetings
10% meeting with folks outside of the Audience Building
20% studying fundraising results and creative copy
40% selecting data for Housefile and Prospect Mailings
10% mentorship from the Director of Audience Building

Who are we?

HSP Direct is a best-in-class full-service direct mail fundraising agency offering online fundraising, production services, graphic design, and list and data services through our affiliated companies. With over 100 non-profit and political clients, we’re seeking highly motivated team members who share our passion for conservative politics.

Key Responsibilities:

Data Selection:Select data quickly and accurately so that our client can not only meet their mail date but also meet their fundraising goals
Direct Mail Research:Understanding what techniques and messaging work best for each organization and see how those lists perform
Audience Research:Conduct thorough research to understand the conservative target audience. Understand the 'why' behind list strategies, including how each list is a part of a longer-term strategy for the client
Collaboration:Work closely with the campaign and creative teams, honoring commitments, and being accountable for delivering accurate, reliable lists aligned with conservative messaging and fundraising objectives
Curiosity and Continuous Learning:Challenge what you don't understand, asking questions that push for excellence and result in the best possible solutions. Seek every opportunity to gain knowledge and increase skills, all with the goal of fundraising for conservative causes

Qualifications:

Proven experience in audience segmentation, data analysis, or direct mail list strategy, with a focus on fundraising for conservative causes
Strong understanding of conservative principles and values
Excellent communication, collaboration, and interpersonal skills
A passion for advancing conservative causes and values while embodying the core principles of our organization

If this challenge seems like a great fit for you and you would like a promising career path, please apply with a cover letter, resume, and salary requirements.Cover letter is required for consideration.

Powered by JazzHR

eNlTNg35qF