About the job
Description

Amazon’s Global Tax Services team seeks an exceptionally capable and motivated individual to help deliver the analytics support to our global analytics products.

The right individual should have in-depth ability to work with or an appetite to work with large data and solid business judgment capable of delivering the right system configurations with a tax and accounting context.

Key job responsibilities

 Perform hands on detailed data research and analysis of a large financial data set; investigate, troubleshoot, and resolve data quality issues.
 Define business requirements for technical development based on analysis of data sets.
 Work with customer teams to identify improvements in efficiency and controllership for their current data processes; teach them how to utilize the designed reporting and functionality in their processes.
 Build and maintain relationships with our key technology providers, as well as, other technical teams across Amazon.
 Explain financial/technical concepts and analysis implications clearly to a wide audience and translate business objectives into actionable analyses.

About The Team

We are a fast growing team supporting Corporate Tax function. We seek candidates who are eager and able to learn new content quickly, who are willing to go into unfamiliar territory, and who possess ironclad judgment and integrity around confidential information.

Basic Qualifications

 2+ years of tax, finance or a related analytical field experience
 4+ years of Excel (including VBA, pivot tables, array functions, power pivots, etc.) and data visualization tools such as Tableau experience
 Experience in financial/business analysis
 Experience defining requirements and using data and metrics to draw business insights
 Experience with SQL
 Experience making business recommendations and influencing stakeholders
 Bachelor's degree in finance, accounting, business, economics, engineering , analytics, mathematics, statistics or a related technical or quantitative field

Preferred Qualifications

 Master's degree in computer science, engineering, mathematics or equivalent

Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us.

Our compensation reflects the cost of labor across several US geographic markets. The base pay for this position ranges from $66,900/year in our lowest geographic market up to $143,100/year in our highest geographic market. Pay is based on a number of factors including market location and may vary depending on job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. Amazon is a total compensation company. Dependent on the position offered, equity, sign-on payments, and other forms of compensation may be provided as part of a total compensation package, in addition to a full range of medical, financial, and/or other benefits. For more information, please visit https://www.aboutamazon.com/workplace/employee-benefits. This position will remain posted until filled. Applicants should apply via our internal or external career site.


Company - Amazon.com Services LLC

Job ID: A2719297