About the job
Innova Solutions is immediately hiring for an GenAI/ML Engineer 
 Position type: Contract
Duration: 12 Months
Location: Plainsboro New Jersey - Hybrid 3 Days in Office.
 As an GenAI/ML Engineer:
 We are seeking an adaptable and forward-thinking Full Stack Developer to leverage Dataiku, AWS, Azure technologies, and LLMs from Bedrock, OpenAI, and Hugging Face in creating AI-based web and mobile applications for general employee use. The successful candidate will rapidly develop MVPs with a focus on front-end, iterate solutions in Agile sprints, and ensure seamless accessibility across company laptops and mobile devices.
 The ideal candidate will have:
  Master's degree in computer science or similar field
Proven experience in FullStack development, utilizing Dataiku, AWS, and Azure technologies, and integrating LLMs from Bedrock, OpenAI, and Hugging Face into web and mobile applications.
Ability to rapidly prototype and iterate front-end MVPs, responding to business requests effectively and efficiently.
Strong coding skills, front-end design proficiency, and the ability to create scalable, reusable solution templates for future use.
Excellent communication skills, with the ability to understand and articulate business requirements effectively.
Structured approach to documentation, front-end design, and solution architecture, ensuring clarity and maintainability of developed applications.
Professional demeanor, open-minded, and collaborative nature, with a focus on delivering high-quality solutions.
 Qualified candidates should APPLY NOW for immediate consideration! Please hit APPLY to provide the required information, and we will be back in touch as soon as possible.
 PAY RANGE AND BENEFITS:
Pay Range*: $50.00 - $60.00 per hour
*Pay range offered to a successful candidate will be based on several factors, including the candidate's education, work experience, work location, specific job duties, certifications, etc.
 Benefits: Innova Solutions offers benefits( based on eligibility) that include the following: Medical & pharmacy coverage, Dental/vision insurance, 401(k), Health saving account (HSA) and Flexible spending account (FSA), Life Insurance, Pet Insurance, Short term and Long term Disability, Accident & Critical illness coverage, Pre-paid legal & ID theft protection, Sick time, and other types of paid leaves (as required by law), Employee Assistance Program (EAP).
 ABOUT INNOVA SOLUTIONS: Founded in 1998 and headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia, Innova Solutions employs approximately 50,000 professionals worldwide and reports an annual revenue approaching $3 Billion. Through our global delivery centers across North America, Asia, and Europe, we deliver strategic technology and business transformation solutions to our clients, enabling them to operate as leaders within their fields.
 Recent Recognitions:
One of Largest IT Consulting Staffing firms in the USA - Recognized as #4 by Staffing Industry Analysts (SIA 2022)
ClearlyRated® Client Diamond Award Winner (2020)
One of the Largest Certified MBE Companies in the NMSDC Network (2022)
Advanced Tier Services partner with AWS and Gold with MS
Website: https://www.innovasolutions.com/
 Innova Solutions is an Equal Opportunity Employer and prohibits any kind of unlawful discrimination and harassment. Innova Solutions is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment on the basis of race, color, religion or belief, national origin, citizenship, social or ethnic origin, sex, age, physical or mental disability, veteran status, marital status, domestic partner status, sexual orientation, or any other status protected by the statutes, rules, and regulations in the locations where it operates. If you are an individual with a disability and need a reasonable accommodation to assist with your job search or application for employment, please contact us at or (770) 493-5588. Please indicate the specifics of the assistance needed. Innova Solutions encourages all interested and qualified candidates to apply for employment opportunities.Innova Solutions (HireGenics/Volt) does not discriminate against applicants based on citizenship status, immigration status, or national origin, in accordance with 8 U.S.C. § 1324b.
The company will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records in a manner that complies with the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, and other applicable laws.
  
Desired Skills and Experience

Dataiku, AWS, Azure , OpenAI

American Cybersystems, Inc is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy.