About the job
Job Description

The Role:

As a Data Governance Engineer Technical Product Owner, you will be part of the organization that is accountable to facilitate and influence processes and behaviors across the various data and analytics teams to ensure that GM is successful in defining and building data products as corporate assets within the enterprise data mesh ecosystem. This role will be responsible for the technical implementation and the configuration sustainment of the Data Governance tools supporting the enterprise data catalog, access management and security management for data assets in the Azure cloud.

This role will exist as part of the Enterprise Data, Analytics, and Insights (EDAI) Data Enablement team and the ideal candidate will have extensive experience with managing the information lifecycle and governance for digital transformations across a multi-cloud data mesh. Success in this role will be reflected through measured outcomes with the in the quality and compliance of Data Products and through the adoption Data Domain proven experience with innovating new pathways so the federated governance model has positive outcomes with high adoption, with high participation across a multitude of Data Domain owners, IT teams, and senior management.

What You’ll Do: 

Implement and configure Data Governance platforms and metrics products in Azure cloud, ensuring integration and functionality aligned with the Enterprise Data Strategy 
Collaborate with Cloud platform and Security teams to support the implementation and maintenance of data governance tools and platforms, enabling the achievement of technical use cases.
Execute test validations to ensure security measures are in place that protect sensitive data and ensure compliance with data privacy regulations.
Collaborate and establish policies with Data Domains that define and enforce data quality standards, data classification, access management, metadata management, and data sharing contracts across the Federated Data Governance community.
Provide training and support to business users, data domain data stewards, and data consumers on data governance principles, best practices, and tools.
Develop technical roadmap and implementation plans for Data Governance Tools and Processes that enable Data Domain use case delivery execution in the hybrid Data Mesh (including multi-cloud, multi-regional, and on-prem).
Stay updated on industry trends, Data Governance Tools transformations and best practices. 


Your Skills & Abilities (Required Qualifications):

Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, or a related field or relevant experience.
3-5 years of experience with data management tools and technologies, including data cataloging tools, metadata management tools, and data quality tools.
Practitioner in all aspects of the information lifecycle management flow with experience leading analytics or data governance teams across a global Federated Data Mesh
Proficient with the implementation and operations of data governance tools and platforms, such as Atlan, Immuta, Ataccama, Collibra, Informatica, or similar.
Proficient with cloud platforms and technologies, such as AWS, Azure, or GCP and tools such as Databricks (Data Lakehouse, Unity Catalog, Delta Lake, Delta Share)
Proficiency in SQL, Python, Java, R or other programming languages for data analysis and manipulation
Familiarity with data modeling concepts and techniques (e.g., ER and dimensional modeling)
Knowledge of encryption, access controls, and authentication methods.
Familiarity with network security and firewall technologies.
Strong understanding of data privacy and data classification.
Excellent problem-solving and analytical skills.
Effective communication and collaboration skills to work with stakeholders across the organization. 


What Will Give you a Competitive Edge (Preferred Qualifications):

Relevant certifications, such as Certified Data Management Professional (CDMP), Certified Data Governance Professional (CDGP), or certifications from DAMA International.


Additional Job Description

This role is based remotely but if you live within a 50-mile radius of Austin, TX or Warren, MI, you are expected to report to that location three times a week, at minimum.

This job is not eligible for relocation benefits. Any relocation costs would be the responsibility of the selected candidate.

A company vehicle will be provided for this role with successful completion of a Motor Vehicle Report review.

Bonus Potential: An incentive pay program offers payouts based on company performance, job level, and individual performance.

Benefits: GM offers a variety of health and wellbeing benefit programs. Benefit options include medical, dental, vision, Health Savings Account, Flexible Spending Accounts, retirement savings plan, sickness and accident benefits, life insurance, paid vacation & holidays, tuition assistance programs, employee assistance program, GM vehicle discounts and more.

GM DOES NOT PROVIDE IMMIGRATION-RELATED SPONSORSHIP FOR THIS ROLE. DO NOT APPLY FOR THIS ROLE IF YOU WILL NEED GM IMMIGRATION SPONSORSHIP (e.g., H-1B, TN, STEM OPT, etc.) NOW OR IN THE FUTURE

About GM

Our vision is a world with Zero Crashes, Zero Emissions and Zero Congestion and we embrace the responsibility to lead the change that will make our world better, safer and more equitable for all.

Why Join Us

We aspire to be the most inclusive company in the world. We believe we all must make a choice every day – individually and collectively – to drive meaningful change through our words, our deeds and our culture. Our Work Appropriately philosophy supports our foundation of inclusion and provides employees the flexibility to work where they can have the greatest impact on achieving our goals, dependent on role needs. Every day, we want every employee, no matter their background, ethnicity, preferences, or location, to feel they belong to one General Motors team.

Benefits Overview

The goal of the General Motors total rewards program is to support the health and well-being of you and your family. Our comprehensive compensation plan incudes, the following benefits, in addition to many others:

 Paid time off including vacation days, holidays, and parental leave for mothers, fathers and adoptive parents;
 Healthcare (including a triple tax advantaged health savings account and wellness incentive), dental, vision and life insurance plans to cover you and your family;
 Company and matching contributions to 401K savings plan to help you save for retirement;
 Global recognition program for peers and leaders to recognize and be recognized for results and behaviors that reflect our company values;
 Tuition assistance and student loan refinancing;
 Discount on GM vehicles for you, your family and friends.


Diversity Information

General Motors is committed to being a workplace that is not only free of discrimination, but one that genuinely fosters inclusion and belonging. We strongly believe that workforce diversity creates an environment in which our employees can thrive and develop better products for our customers. We understand and embrace the variety through which people gain experiences whether through professional, personal, educational, or volunteer opportunities. GM is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.

We encourage interested candidates to review the key responsibilities and qualifications and apply for any positions that match your skills and capabilities.

Equal Employment Opportunity Statements

GM is an equal opportunity employer and complies with all applicable federal, state, and local fair employment practices laws. GM is committed to providing a work environment free from unlawful discrimination and advancing equal employment opportunities for all qualified individuals. As part of this commitment, all practices and decisions relating to terms and conditions of employment, including, but not limited to, recruiting, hiring, training, promotion, discipline, compensation, benefits, and termination of employment are made without regard to an individual's protected characteristics. For purposes of this policy, “protected characteristics" include an individual's actual or perceived race, color, creed, religion, national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, age, sex or gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, lactation and related medical conditions), gender identity or gender expression, sexual orientation, weight, height, marital status, military service and veteran status, physical or mental disability, protected medical condition as defined by applicable state or local law, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state or local laws and ordinances. If you need a reasonable accommodation to assist with your job search or application for employment, email us at Careers.Accommodations@GM.com or call us at 800-865-7580. In your email, please include a description of the specific accommodation you are requesting as well as the job title and requisition number of the position for which you are applying.