About the job
Note: Onsite required in Cranston, RI

EOHHS is seeking an experienced Data Analyst to join our team of qualified and diverse individuals on the Rhode Island EOHHS Analytics team. The EOHHS Analytics team serves as the primary resource for aggregating and analyzing data for state agencies including but not limited to the RI Department of Health (RIDOH), RI Department of Human Services (DHS), RI Department of Children, Youth and families (DCYF), and RI Department of Behavioral Healthcare, Developmental Disabilities and Hospitals (BHDDH). The EOHHS Analytics team helps to inform policy decisions, oversees state and federal programs and initiatives, and develops public facing dashboards to increase transparency of government programs, particularly those related to health and wellness.

The Data Analyst will work across multiple projects and will use a variety of datasets as needed, with a particular focus on projects related to Long-term Services and Supports LTSS). LTSS is a program which serves people who have disabilities or chronic care needs in the setting ideal for them and their families (i.e., in one’s home, community, or institutional setting). The analyst will perform measurement and metric generation, data aggregation into performance indicators, and data interpretation, as well as develop various data reporting structures and formats, and create dashboards and other data visualizations for leadership, as well as public consumption. The ideal candidate will have strong Power BI and SQL skills.

Local candidates preferred as position will be required to report to the state office located in Cranston, RI on a hybrid basis.

Responsibilities Include But Are Not Limited To

Use SQL programming skills to perform data transformations, merge datasets, filter data, create tables, and perform basic to advanced analytics.
Develop models, visualizations, and reports of EOHHS data in Microsoft Power BI.
Become a subject matter expert for various sources of data, such as the eligibility system, nursing home Minimum Data Set, custom case management data, and Medicaid claims data.
Track and report on program data for use by staff in monitoring program activity, guiding program development, and completing internal reports.
Participate in development, implementation, and tracking of performance of new initiatives.
Coordinate with State staff to produce reports for numerous program enrollees and monitor accuracy and completeness of data submission.
Perform quality checks on the work of other analysts and support the data analytics team in troubleshooting and problem-solving data requests and technical issues.

Qualifications

Required Education:

Bachelor’s degree in a quantitative field (Health Policy, Health Economics, Statistics, Medical Informatics, Epidemiology, Public Health, Public Policy, Healthcare Management, Economics or similar) or equivalent work experience may be substituted in lieu of a degree requirement.

Preferred Education

Master’s degree in Health Policy, Health Economics, Statistics, Medical Informatics, Epidemiology, Public Health, Public Policy, Healthcare Management, Economics or a related field.

Required Experience

3+ years of experience conducting data analysis 
Experience integrating various sources of data into useful reports.
3+ years of data management experience
Experience communicating data analyses and results to non-technical audiences

Preferred Experience

Proven expertise in healthcare, more specifically having worked with healthcare claims data, Minimum Data Set data, or other complex real-world datasets.
Data experience focused on measuring healthcare performance and reporting results to stakeholders.
Knowledgeable about Medicaid claims data.ArcGIS, R or other data management and statistical software
Passion for healthcare and/or long-term services and supports 

Required Skills & Abilities

Proficient in Power BI, SQL, Excel, and Access.
Strong ability to explore and interpret data to identify patterns and trends.
Ability to communicate with both technical and non-technical audiences.
Ability to manage multiple competing priorities.
Ability to produce high-quality reports when working under short deadlines.
Capacity to work independently, and as a team member.
Detail-oriented and have excellent verbal and written communication skills, leadership skills, and organizational skills.
Ability to provide and receive constructive criticism.
Capacity to think creatively and make decisions independently.