About the job
Overview

This role focuses on deep learning algorithm for complex design problems, including optimization and structured output design of materials and chemical compounds. We target research on perception, data analysis, system optimization, graph learning and generative modeling.

Responsibilities

At this Lab., one of the first groups to adopt deep learning for autonomous systems in the Silicon Valley, we work at the leading edge of deep learning and collaborate with the world’s best universities and research centers. We are looking for passionate engineers and researchers who want to contribute in this exciting fast-moving field. This role focuses on deep learning algorithm for complex design problems, including optimization and structured output design of materials and chemical compounds. We target research on perception, data analysis, system optimization, graph learning and generative modeling.

This position will act as an individual contributor but will need to build a team. This is a project management level position as it has an impact on the product life.

Major Responsibilities

Develop effective techniques and infrastructure, from the initial idea to the running prototype and product.
Similar to a research environment, you will write code, use the latest machine learning tools, run experiments, and generally develop techniques and processes to enable intelligent abilities on industrial applications.
Partner with teams across the company to implement your ideas into their products.
Remain connected to the broader research community by partnering with internal and external collaborators and participate in relevant conferences
Work on fundamental research to provide essential solutions to problems facing the company.
Present findings in an accessible way to teams across the company and external science community.
Visualize and explain work through presentations and notebooks
Work with other teams including business division to accelerate AI application in company-wide business processes.
Publish research findings in leading academic venues and represent our company at the external conferences.
Write, test and maintain production-quality code.
Design, experiment and evaluate models.
Research, design and implement novel, highly scalable Deep Learning DL algorithms with focus on various kinds of data e.g., image thermal depth sensor, Lidar, acoustic, graphs, tables, etc.
Strategy development for the field of DL with focus on our lab’s applications, support in strategic decision making with regard to various science problem.
Promote the research results through scholarly publications and presentations at leading conferences.
Lead or participate in the development of related research proposals
Promote collaborative research with interdisciplinary research team.
Digest and understand complex research papers, theory and thinking, with an ability to write algorithms from scratch.
Own, report and present engineering developments to our internal and external collaborators clearly and efficiently in verbally and in writing.
Architect and implement software libraries to allow our research to improve and scale.
Implement and evaluate algorithms - owning the development and iteration throughout the research cycle.
Provide high quality code Python and/or C plus plus and programming knowledge to a research group.

Qualifications

WHAT YOU'LL BRNIG:

MS/PhD in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Statistics, Data Science, Applied Math or related discipline.
DL research experience with large datasets in academia or industry.
Familiarity with deep learning libraries PyTorch, TensorFlow, etc.
Strong track records in the machine learning and perception, including patents, publications to top tier conferences and journals.
Good oral and written communication and teamwork skills.
Worked with general ML libraries and toolkits.
Experience with vision, perception, generative modeling GAN’s.
Experience working in multidisciplinary scientific collaboration.
Experience with accelerators GPU and high-performance computing systems.
Excellent programming skills in Python, C Plus Plus, Tensorflow, PyTorch or similar languages.
Internships and work experience with machine learning, deep learning, reinforcement learning.
Background in machine learning techniques with large amounts of noisy or partially missing data, curiosity in applying it to industrial applications.
Relevant research experience publications at NeurIPS, ICML, ICLR or similar are preferred.
Experience with cloud environments and multi-machine setups.
Proven experience, either in industry or a research lab, working on complex ML problems and engineering workflows.
Strong knowledge and experience of Python and or C Plus Plus.
Proven knowledge of machine learning and/or statistics e.g., Neural Nets, Deep Learning, Reinforcement Learning etc.
Strong knowledge of algorithm design - with a proven ability to write ML algorithms from scratch.
A passion for AI.

BENEFITS & PERKS - WHAT’S IN IT FOR YOU:

Panasonic prioritizes total wellbeing. We offer a wide variety of benefits and programs to support your physical, emotional, financial, social, and environmental health.

Highly Competitive Healthcare Plans
Company-Matched 401K Retirement Savings
Annual Bonus Program
Educational Assistance & Reimbursement Program
Relaxed Dress Code
Onsite Café
Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Programs
Leadership & Mentorship Programs
High5 Reward Recognition Program
Onsite Events!
And many more benefits & perks

Who We Are

Meet Panasonic! At Panasonic, we are pioneering technologies that not only move us forward but also make a positive impact.

Your work here goes beyond conventional boundaries, aligning with our commitment to doing work that matters. Whether it's in the realm of sustainable energy solutions or cutting-edge automotive technology, we provide an environment where innovative thinkers can soar.

Our dedication to addressing climate impact is ingrained in our approach, ensuring that we create technologies while actively working to reduce our environmental footprint. Joining us means experiencing career growth in more ways than one, with opportunities for professional development and advancement.

At Panasonic, we care about what you care about, fostering a culture where your expertise contributes to the creation of technologies that not only move us but also drive positive change for the planet.

Be part of a team that values your contributions, encourages innovation, and actively contributes to shaping a more sustainable and technologically advanced future.

We Take Opportunity Seriously

At Panasonic, we are committed to a workplace that genuinely fosters inclusion and belonging. Fairness and Honesty have been part of our core values for more than 100 years and we are proud of our diverse culture as an equal opportunity employer.

Actual compensation varies depending on the individual’s knowledge, skills, experience, and location. This role may be eligible for discretionary bonuses and incentives. *The minimum hourly wage for this role will be the greater of the posted range, or minimum wage for the location where the employee will be working, subject to local minimum wage requirements.

We understand that your career search may look different than others and embrace the professional, personal, educational, and volunteer opportunities through which people gain experience. If you are actively looking or starting to explore new opportunities, send us your application!

Panasonic is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer, and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to: race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, genetic information, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. All qualified individuals are required to perform the essential functions of the job with or without reasonable accommodation.

Due to the high volume of responses, we will only be able to respond to candidates of interest. All candidates must have valid authorization to work in the U.S. Thank you for your interest in Panasonic.

REQ-146095