About the job
Summary

ProFarm Group (PFG) is a subsidiary of Bioceres Crop Solutions, a global provider of biologically derived fertilizers, inoculants, crop traits, adjuvants, biostimulants and pesticides, serving the ever-expanding agricultural markets. PFG focuses on discovering, developing, and marketing nature-derived biostimulants, as well as pest management products from microbes and plant extracts for the effective control of invertebrate pests, weeds, and plant diseases 

The Intern assists scientists with the development of process for the isolation, separation and purification of the targeted compounds from various microbial and plant sources. This is a great opportunity to obtain or utilize hands-on experience in a laboratory setting, including learning how to develop different types of extraction, samples preparation and purification methods.

Essential Functions

RESPONSIBILITIES AND DUTIES: 

Participate in the extraction of fermentation broths to generate crude extract. 
Participate in the pre-fractionation of extracts and prepare samples for various bioassays. 
Participate in the bioassay-guided fractionation of crude extracts to isolate and identify active fractions. 
Participate in the development of sample preparation method for analysis of active compounds using HPLC. 
Properly prepare all kinds of samples for bioassays and all kinds of solutions. 
Accurately operate standard laboratory equipment (e.g., balances, pipettes, pH meter, etc.). 

Other Duties

Maintains a clean and safe laboratory work environment. 
Perform other duties as assigned. 
Document and maintain legible, accurate, and complete laboratory records. 

Reqiurements

Education

Chemistry, Biology and Pharmacology students are preferred.

Experience

Preferred, but not required.

Qualifications

Ability to understand a variety of instructions furnished in written, oral, diagram, or schedule form. 
Ability to accurately use standard laboratory equipment (e.g., balances, pipettes, centrifuges, etc.). 
Ability to follow an experimental protocol and read scientific literature. 
General chemistry knowledge. 
Basic computer skills including Microsoft Word and Excel. 
Good verbal and written communication skills and the ability to document accurate experimental observations and results. 
Must be interested in learning to develop different types of extraction, samples preparation and purification methods. 

Essential Physical And Mental Requirments

Interns are occasionally required to lift up to 50 pounds, are frequently exposed to water, insects, air contamination such as disagreeable odors, and may be exposed to toxic or caustic substances.

Compensation for roles at PFG varies depending on a wide array of non-discriminatory factors including but not limited to the specific office location, role, degree/credentials, relevant skill set, and level of relevant experience. At PFG, compensation decisions are dependent on the facts and circumstances of each case. Total rewards at PFG include salary + bonus (if applicable) + benefits. Your recruiter may be able to share more about our total rewards offerings and the specific salary range for the relevant location(s) during the hiring process.

The above is a list of essential duties and responsibilities for this position. This list is not all-inclusive and other duties may be assigned. This job description may be modified as needed.

PFG is an equal-opportunity employer.