About the job
Company Description

We at Agap Technologies Inc. help our clients build successful businesses by enabling them to synergize state-of-the-art technology with exceptional talent. We offer a full suite of IT solutions and services, from custom software development to staffing. Our multidisciplinary team of experts in areas like data analysis, automation, personnel development and management, and project management helps us offer a unique set of tech-driven solutions and services that allow our clients to achieve their business objectives in the most efficient way possible.

Our technical competence is further built upon by our high standards of professionalism, diligence, and ethics, which has enabled us to deliver top-notch services to our clients and exceed expectations every time.

, Job Description

Job Description

Our Training Features:

 You will receive top quality instruction that is famous for Online IT training. 
 Trainees will receive immediate response to any training related queries, either technical or otherwise. We advise our trainees not to wait till the next class to seek answers to any technical issue. 
 Training sessions are conducted by real-time instructor with real-time examples. 
 Every training session is recorded and posted to the batch after each weekend class. 
 We are offering online training on Data Analyst. 

We offer you: Entry level IT opportunities for OPT, LI, L2, and H4EAD.

 We provide training and placement assistance in technology of your choice. 
 Training and Placements for all Valid EAD’s. 
 Good online training virtual class room environment. 
 Highly qualified and experienced trainers. 
 Professional environment. 
 Special interview training
 Training for skill enhancement. 
 Study material and Lab material provided. 
 E-Verified company. 
 100% Job Assistance and Guidance. 

Other Key Points:

 Guaranteed Placements with Fortune 500 clients. 
 Any fresh graduate student can apply for visa sponsorship. 
 H1B Sponsorship for student's visa. 
 Salary hike for every 6 months on the project. 

If you are interested or if you know anyone looking for a change, please feel free to call or email me for details or questions. I look forward to seeing resumes from you or your known and highly recommended candidates.

Thanks

Sapna B

Phone : +1 732-217-2656

, Additional Information

All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.