About the job
At Lyft, our mission is to improve people’s lives with the world’s best transportation. To do this, we start with our own community by creating an open, inclusive, and diverse organization.

The Market Insights team at Lyft is responsible for accelerating the growth of the business and delivering on financial and marketplace performance goals within the larger Marketplace organization. We provide analysis and use cases to support Product teams, build automated tooling, and manage growth investments with the goal of delivering a better experience for Lyft’s Riders and Drivers.

We are looking for an analyst to join the team to expand our customer obsession to airports across North America. The ideal candidate will leverage data analysis and competitive insights to influence growth strategy while getting a ton of executive exposure along the way. This role reports to a Data Science Manager within the Marketplace org.

Responsibilities:

Monitor performance of data to track the health of business and uncover opportunities for growth
Perform exploratory data analysis to gain a deeper understanding of the problem
Develop deep understanding of and intuition for our business to advise on product and marketplace changes
Analyze experimental and observational data; communicate findings; facilitate launch decisions
Partner and develop strong relationships with cross functional teams to translate analytical insights into decisions and action

 Experience & Skills:

2+ years experience in an analytics role or equivalent
Proficiency in SQL - able to write structured and efficient queries on large data sets
Experience with A/B testing
Demonstrated data analysis and problem-solving skills
Strong business writing, presentation building & delivery, executive briefings skills
Ability to build relationships with cross-functional stakeholders and drive shared outcomes
Works effectively in a fast paced environment requiring new perspectives and creative approaches, and with multiple competing deadlines
A drive to understand the core issues along with the determination to uncover the solution 

Benefits:

Great medical, dental, and vision insurance options
Mental health benefits
Family building benefits
In addition to 12 observed holidays, salaried team members have unlimited paid time off, hourly team members have 15 days paid time off
401(k) plan to help save for your future
18 weeks of paid parental leave. Biological, adoptive, and foster parents are all eligible
Pre-tax commuter benefits
Lyft Pink - Lyft team members get an exclusive opportunity to test new benefits of our Ridership Program

Lyft is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer committed to an inclusive and diverse workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regards to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status or any other basis prohibited by law. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.

This role will be in-office on a hybrid schedule — Team Members will be expected to work in the office 3 days per week on Mondays, Thursdays and a team-specific third day. Additionally, hybrid roles have the flexibility to work from anywhere for up to 4 weeks per year. #Hybrid

The expected base pay range for this position in the San Francisco area is $95,000 - $118,750. Salary ranges are dependent on a variety of factors, including qualifications, experience and geographic location. Range is not inclusive of potential equity offering, bonus or benefits. Your recruiter can share more information about the salary range specific to your working location and other factors during the hiring process.