About the job
Title: Data Analyst
Location: REMOTE CST or EST
Salary: $70k-$90k Base
Full-Time Direct Hire W2

The Data Analyst will work within our client's data team and in collaboration with business stakeholders to determine reporting requirements. They will serve as the liaison between business and technology to bridge the gap for understanding the overall business goal and value with currently available and new data assets. They will work with the business to establish financial and operational success metrics, determine baselines to define post go-live implementation success, and track metrics during pilot and scaling of different programs. The Data Analyst will support the team with planned and ad-hoc analyses of internal datasets, as well as some external datasets and digital solutions to support decision making within the team.

Essential Responsibilities:
Partners with the Owned Assets team to complete discovery, define scope and develop custom client reports ensuring timely delivery and accurate presentation of data.
Determine business team reporting needs, working with business and technology / data stakeholders to gather requirements, determine current data availability, and feasibility.
Validate identified datasets for accuracy through analysis and coordination with data engineering teams.
Design pilot measurement plans by working with technology teams to ensure data flows are established.
Synthesize existing data for team ideation and prioritization sessions and leverage with team in solution design.
Partners with operations leaders to communicate insights and recommendations based on data.
Contribute to building measurement and analytics expertise, tools, and processes in-house to enable high-quality analytics across the data team members.

Knowledge, Skills, Abilities:
Academic background in a quantitative or related field (e.g., Analytics, Applied Mathematics, Economics, Statistics)
Experience with visualization tools, such as Power BI or Tableau
Experience building and manipulating data models within Power BI, using DAX and SQL to massage datasets into a usable state for visualization
Experience or interest in using python, R, or other programming languages for data wrangling and automation
Experience understanding, processing, analyzing, visualizing, and communicating complex data sets to technical and non-technical audiences, tailoring your message to show business value and impact by understanding the goal and your audience
Experience designing statistically valid experiments to test and prove hypotheses, understanding the difference between correlation and causation to help drive the business forward without making unnecessary assumptions
Experience or understanding of Agile product development and design thinking to execute based on defined timelines
Ability to operate efficiently in a remote working environment through proper organization, communication, and execution to meet the business needs – prior remote working experience a plus