About the job
A Snapshot of your Day:

Siemens Energy is looking for a highly motivated, skilled, mechanical/electrical engineer with experience in testing data acquisition and instrumentation. A typical day could be a call from an internal customer (engineering) asking for help chasing down a problem with a gas turbine component at a site. They need to implement temperatures and dynamic pressures to determine what specific conditions are causing the part to fail. Options are reviewed along with equipment availability and cost. A plan is formulated. Equipment and personnel schedule test execution and collect data to help engineering evaluate the component.

How You’ll Make An Impact

Plan, develop, and prepare data acquisition equipment for data collection on gas turbine components.
Travel to field sites to support testing validation of gas turbines.
Ensure proper data collection and storage for all test campaigns.
Ensure overall success on testing projects on schedule, within budget, with quality.
Mentor staff in data acquisition techniques and trouble shooting.


What You Bring

BS in mechanical or electrical engineering or related field.
4+ years of experience in data acquisition techniques - static or dynamic pressures, vibrations, temperatures, acoustic sensors, tip clearance and/or other sensor applications.
Willingness to travel and work long hours in support of testing projects, including international short-term assignments.
Teamwork skills to help ensure our small site teams are effective, efficient, and fiscally responsible.
Project management skills to lead small testing projects.
Highly motivated, proactive, and self-directed.
Excellent interpersonal and communication skills.
Preferred experience in the gas turbine or aerospace industry.
Applicants must be legally authorized for employment in the United States without needing current or future employer-sponsored work authorization. Siemens Energy employees with current visa sponsorship may be eligible for internal transfers.


About The Team

Gas Services

Our Gas Services division offers Low-emission power generation through service and decarbonization. Zero or low emission power generation and all gas turbines under one roof, steam turbines and generators. Decarbonization opportunities through service offerings, modernization, and digitalization of the fleet.

Who is Siemens Energy?

At Siemens Energy, we are more than just an energy technology company. We meet the growing energy demand across 90+ countries while ensuring our climate is protected. With more than 94,000 dedicated employees, we not only generate electricity for over 16% of the global community, but we’re also using our technology to help protect people and the environment.

Our global team is committed to making sustainable, reliable, and affordable energy a reality by pushing the boundaries of what is possible. We uphold a 150-year legacy of innovation that encourages our search for people who will support our focus on decarbonization, new technologies, and energy transformation.

Check out this video to learn more about Siemens Energy: https://www.siemens-energy.com/employeevideo

Our Commitment to Diversity

Lucky for us, we are not all the same. Through diversity, we generate power. We run on inclusion and our combined creative energy is fueled by over 130 nationalities. Siemens Energy celebrates character – no matter what ethnic background, gender, age, religion, identity, or disability. We energize society, all of society, and we do not discriminate based on our differences.

Rewards

Career growth and development opportunities
Supportive work culture
Company paid Health and wellness benefits
Paid Time Off and paid holidays
401K savings plan with company match
Family building benefits
Parental leave


https://jobs.siemens-energy.com/jobs

#page