About the job
The Data Analyst position will maintain and analyze Advanced Qualification Program (AQP) data in accordance with Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) regulations and company manuals. Enter and analyze pilot training data to evaluate training program effectiveness. Ensure compliance with FAA regulations, company policies and standards and the Atlas Collective bargaining Agreement (CBA). This role will also be responsible for developing and managing electronic AQP training and evaluation forms.

Responsibilities

 Enter pilot training data into designated systems or applications and the Advanced Qualification Program (AQP) database for monthly FAA reports. 
 Audit monthly data submissions to ensure accuracy and compliance with FAA requirements. 
 Run reports to identify trends affecting training programs, instructor standardization, and other areas, conducting comparative analysis of flight-related industry data. 
 Track systems validation questions in the Learning Management System (LMS) to identify trends. 
 Write statistical reports to communicate program objectives, procedures, and progression to management. 
 Compile and organize data for quarterly and annual reports and presentations to the Flight Operations, FAA, and additional stakeholders integrating data from other safety programs. 
 Advise Senior Manager, AQP and Senior Management on technical matters related to projects, plans, and policies. 
 Lead the collection, auditing, analysis, and reporting of pilot proficiency performance data. 
 Extract data from enterprise sources, ensuring accuracy and resolving data quality issues, utilizing statistical software programming for querying multiple datasets. 
 Assist in translating business needs into tools, metrics, and dashboards for data visualization. 
 Provide training and support to Instructors and Evaluators for grading calibration, and deliver advanced reporting solutions for multiple business areas. 
 Coordinate AQP data findings with stakeholders in the Flight Operations Training & Standards organization. 
 Assist the Senior Manager, AQP in developing analyses, processes, and reporting for actionable insights. 
 Provide mathematical modeling and analysis services to support the Training & Standards organization, ensuring operational and quality performance of assigned projects. 
 Implement and deliver standardized weekly and monthly reports to Flight Operations instructors and leadership. 
 Conduct data mining and analysis for ad hoc projects, including exploratory data analysis and visualization. 
 Manage work priorities and timelines set by Senior Manager, AQP and leadership within Flight Operations. 
 Foster positive working relationships between Training Records, AQP, Training and Standards, and supporting departments. 
 Collaborate with subject matter experts to present data and insights to various stakeholders within the Flight Operations organization and other departments. 
 Performs all duties as assigned by the Senior Manager, Advanced Qualification Program (AQP). 

Qualifications

 Four (4) year degree in business, IT or a related field or equivalent work experience is required 
 Minimum (2) years of experience in data models, data mining and segmentation techniques 
 Must have experience with Power BI and Tableau 
 Must be proficient in Microsoft Office 360 
 Proficiency in SQL with complex queries 
 Knowledge of air carrier training programs and associated FAA regulations is preferred 
 Must have knowledge of data analysis software and database management software 
 Experience in a quantitative or qualitative field providing data analysis for business operations 

 Special demands: 

 Minimum 10% travel required 
 Must be flexible and able to work various hours and weekends 

 Skills: 

 Exceptional communication skills (e.g., verbal, written, and listening), with the ability to communicate complex processes to internal and external stakeholders. Ability to prioritize and cope with shifting demands. 
 Flexibility to adapt to a fast-paced environment. 
 Ability to work under pressure with minimal supervision. 
 Strong analytical, decision-making, and problem-solving skills. Strong technical coaching skills. 
 Excellent technical writing skills. Attention to detail and innovation are critical parts of this role. 
 Ability to effectively present information, data and trends to stakeholders 

$30.00/Hr

Financial offer within the stated range will be based on multiple factors to include but not limited to location, relevant experience/level and skillset."

The Company is an Equal Opportunity Employer. It is our policy to afford equal employment opportunity to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, citizenship, place of birth, age, disability, protected veteran status, gender identity or any other characteristic or status protected by applicable in accordance with federal, state and local laws.

If you'd like more information about your EEO rights as an applicant under the law, please download the available EEO is the Law document at http://www1.eeoc.gov/employers/poster.cfm .

To view our Pay Transparency Statement, please click here: Pay Transparency Statement

“Know Your Rights: Workplace Discrimination is Illegal” Poster

The "EEO Is The Law" Poster