About the job
The Research Assistant I will assist and conduct administrative and operational aspects of clinical research for the PI. S/he monitors patient accrual to surgical trials at the Brigham and Women's Hospital (BWH) and Dana-Farber Cancer Institute (DFCI), including actively recruiting patients on trial, following patients through the protocol treatment program and follow-up, and completing data forms and data management required by the studies. Facilitate and coordinate IRB reviews and submissions as well as grant submissions and activities.

Principal Duties And Responsibilities

Responsible for collecting data and maintaining patient information database for studies. Required to input data. May be required to do minimum analysis and run various reports.

Participate in IRB and other regulatory submissions for updates, renewals, adverse event reports, deviations, data audits, etc.

Perform data analysis as required.

All other duties as assigned.

Qualifications

Bachelor’s Degree required.
Understanding of basic research in a healthcare or biological environment.
Excellent computers skills preferred. At a minimum, previous experience with MS applications including Windows, Word, Excel.

Skills/ Abilities/ Competencies Required

Experience using Microsoft Excel, Access and Word are required.
Experience using Electronic Medical Records for data collection and review is preferred.
Well organized, detail–oriented researcher with good database and laboratory skills.
Knowledge of medical terminology.
Ability to demonstrate professionalism and respect for subjects rights and individual needs.
Excellent interpersonal skills are required for working with the study participants.
Careful attention to detail.
Good oral and written communication skills.

Working Conditions

Due to the unpredictable nature of research operation and preparation, the pace of work can be fast at times.

Primary Location

MA-Boston-BWH Boston Main Campus

Work Locations

BWH Boston Main Campus

Job

Research - Other

Organization

Brigham & Women's Hospital(BWH)

Schedule

Full-time

Standard Hours

40

Shift

Day Job

Employee Status

Regular

Recruiting Department

BWH Surgery

Job Posting

Aug 12, 2024