About the job
Department Information
At the California Department of Public Health (CDPH), equity, diversity, and inclusion are at the core of our mission to advance the health and well-being of California’s diverse people and communities. We are genuinely and strongly committed to cultivating and preserving a culture of inclusion and connectedness where we can grow and learn together with a diverse team of employees. In recruiting for team members, we welcome the unique contributions that you can bring to us and the work we do.

The California Department of Public Health’s (CDPH) Office of Health Equity (OHE) promotes equitable social, economic, and environmental conditions to achieve optimal health, mental health, and well-being for all.

This position will collaborate with OHE’s Climate Change and Health Equity Branch (CCHEB). CCHEB embeds health and equity in California climate planning and policy and embeds climate change and equity in public health planning and policy. CCHEB works across agencies to integrate racial and health equity into California’s climate change policies, plans, and investments; increases the capacity of health departments, tribes, and communities to address climate change and health equity; and provides data, research, and tools to identify, prevent, and reduce the health effects of climate change and maximize the health and racial equity benefits of climate action.

Job Description And Duties
Research Scientist II, III, IV, V; Research Scientist Supervisor I & II and Research Scientist Manager (all specialties):
Incumbents in one of these classifications, where a Master’s Degree is required to meet the minimum qualifications, shall receive an educational pay differential equivalent to 2% of their monthly base pay. Those where a Doctoral Degree is required to meet the minimum qualifications, shall receive an educational pay differential equivalent to 3% of their monthly base pay. Individuals with both a Master’s and Doctoral Degree will be given the best benefit in relation to salary.
 THE INCUMBENT WILL BE HEADQUARTERED IN THE COUNTY NEAREST THE RESIDENCE OF THE SELECTED CANDIDATE. THE COUNTIES ARE: *Contra Costa County*Sacramento County* 

This position supports the California Department of Public Health’s (CDPH) mission and strategic plan by promoting equitable social, economic, and environmental conditions to achieve optimal health, mental health, and well-being for all.

The Research Scientist II (RS II), Climate Change and Health Vulnerability Indicators Scientist position is an opportunity for meaningful contribution to advancing health and racial equity through action to address the greatest health challenge of the 21st Century: climate change. Put your lived expertise and passion for climate justice to work with a team that appreciates your unique contributions.

The incumbent works under the general supervision of the Research Scientist Supervisor I, in the Climate Surveillance Science Unit of the Research and Evaluation Branch, within the Office of Health Equity.

The Climate Change and Health Vulnerability Indicators Scientist plans, organizes, and maintains a set of surveillance indicators related to climate change and health equity (Climate Change and Health Vulnerability Indicators for California, CCHVI). The RS II will develop indicators, perform data analysis, and share data for program reports and dashboards. The RS II will be responsible for ensuring the scientific quality of all indicators.

Desirable Qualifications
In addition to evaluating each candidate's relative ability, as demonstrated by quality and breadth of experience, the following factors will provide the basis for competitively evaluating each candidate:

Commitment to advancing racial equity, health equity, climate and economic justice, diversity, and inclusion in approach, processes, policies, and deliverables
Commitment to serve vulnerable communities as defined by Section 131019.5 of the California Health and Safety Code
Proficiency in large data set management and analysis
Proficiency with statistical software such as R Shiny or Python
Experience accessing and using Census data
Experience with data visualization tools such as R Shiny, ArcGIS, PowerBI
Knowledge of climate-related health issues
Ability to work collaboratively as a member of a team, while performing a wide array of complex work independently
Ability to develop and manage professional relationships
Ability to prioritize and meet multiple competing deadlines
Excellent written communication skills
Ability to utilize office systems and computer applications such as Microsoft Office Suite
Proactive
A professional, courteous, and positive demeanor

Telework Information
This position may be eligible for telework up to three (3) days per week and is required to report in-person to the designated headquarters office location a minimum of two (2) days per week. The amount of telework permitted is at the discretion of the Department and is subject to change, consistent with CDPH’s Telework Program. All employees who telework are required to be California residents in accordance with Government Code 14200. Candidates who reside outside of the state of California may be interviewed; however, the selected candidate must have a primary residency in the state of California prior to appointment (and continue to maintain California residency) as a condition of employment. Failure to meet this requirement may result in the job offer being rescinded.

Business travel may be required , and reimbursement considers an employee’s designated headquarters office subject to regulations and bargaining unit contract provisions. All commute expenses to the designated headquarters office will be the responsibility of the selected candidate.

The headquarters office location for this position is identified in the attached duty statement.

Final Filing Date: 9/3/2024

Job Code #: JC-443713
Position #(s): 580-035-5582-909

Working Title: Climate Change and Health Vulnerability Indicators Scientist 
Classification: RESEARCH SCIENTIST II (EPIDEMIOLOGY/BIOSTATISTICS) 
$7,152.00 - $8,889.00

Work Location: Contra Costa County
Telework: Hybrid

Should you have any questions regarding the application process, our Recruitment Team is ready to help you at Apply@cdph.ca.gov or (916) 445-0983.