About the job
Job application window is expected to be closed on August 19th** Who We Are: Today’s exciting business environment is more than that – it’s a period of disruption between the pandemic, global business change and internal process complexity. For us to focus on simplicity and the best customer experience, we need phenomenal talent and the right skills to be successful. This is now a mantra for our Cisco leadership team and for us. 

The Cisco IT Infrastructure teams are changing the way we run Cisco’s operations by improving the power of technology, the best of business processes and superior data insights. Together, we will Reinvent the Cisco experience. Show the world how to Reinvent applications and demonstrate the future of the Internet to Showcase the power of Cisco: our people, products, processes, systems, and data. Please join us and make this journey together!

 What You’ll Do: 

In this role, you will be working in a fast-paced, high-impact environment as a visible contributor, delivering on our commitments to clients and helping to set long term directions. The ideal candidate is a technical leader, forward looking and strategic thinker, creative problem solver, comfortable with providing domain expertise and rapidly responding to advanced issues.

 Establish networking environment by designing network configuration, directing, implementing network infrastructure, defining, documenting, and enforcing standards. 
 Improve network performance by monitoring, troubleshooting, and reviewing network problems and outages, and collaborating with NWS partners and BU to recommend and inspire changes for network optimization. 
 Secures network infrastructure by defining and establishing policies, in conjunction with the Security and other partner teams. 
 Be able to look at complicated network systems to find flaws or room for improvement. Proactively see opportunities for technology advancement and opportunities for automation. 
 Plan and coordinate the implementation of network technologies, solutions, and automations in support of defined requirements generated by internal customers, industry directions, and growth demands. Plan and facilitate highly complex network and automation upgrades and migration activities. 
 Perform analysis and diagnosis of highly complex network and automation problems. 
 Generates operational documentation including detailed test plan for highly complex networks. 
 Assist with deployment and strategy of tools and related Network Management Systems. Help with developing tools set to manage and maintain enterprise network 
 Produce method of procedures that demonstrate understanding of changes proposed and how the change will be driven with minimal service impact. 

 Who You’ll Work With: 

You'll collaborate with Cisco leaders, partner with mentors, and develop incredible relationships with colleagues who share your interest in connecting the unconnected. You'll be part a team that cares about its customers, enjoys having fun, and you'll take part in changing the lives of those in our local communities. Come prepared to be encouraged and inspired. Imagine a more secure and smarter world with unlimited bandwidth.

 Minimum Qualifications: 

 Hands-on experience designing and operating Cisco hardware, including switches, Nexus routers, ACI, ASA firewalls, FirePower NGFW’s. 
 Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience in Computer Science or Computer Engineering or in a related field, or 9+ years of data center network infrastructure work experience. 

 Preferred Qualifications: 

 Knowledge in TCP/IP internetworking, Routing, Switching, networking protocols and Routing protocols. 
 Experience in virtualization technologies, both networking (VRF, VDC) and understanding of compute (Linux, VMware, Openstack). 
 Knowledge of Software development and Network Automation, including Python, REST APIs, Ansible. 
 Comfortable working with Linux, Docker, and Kubernetes. 
 Experience with Agile methodology, and CI/CD. 
 Experience with Global and Local load balancers. 
 Experience on Enterprise & Data Center networking technologies. 
 Experience on the latest Cisco hardware and operating systems (Catalyst, Nexus, IOS/IOS-XE/IOS-XR, NX-OS and ACI) 
 Large-scale network infrastructure support skills and In-depth knowledge of network management, network availability, and network automation. 
 Basic knowledge, understanding of Git and REST API. 
 Experience in Network Automation, SD and CI/CD Pipelines. 
 Experience in internetworking troubleshooting in a large-scale network environment. 
 CCNP / CCIE equivalent is a plus. 

 Behavioral Competencies: 

 Must be a great teammate and work well in small and large group environments. 
 Must be highly driven and motivated with high level of initiative. 
 Must have excellent written and verbal communication and interpersonal skill 

Why Cisco



#WeAreCisco. We are all unique, but collectively we bring our talents to work as a team, to develop innovative technology and power a more inclusive, digital future for everyone. How do we do it? Well, for starters – with people like you!

Nearly every internet connection around the world touches Cisco. We’re the Internet’s optimists. Our technology makes sure the data traveling at light speed across connections does so securely, yet it’s not what we make but what we make happen which marks us out. We’re helping those who work in the health service to connect with patients and each other; schools, colleges, and universities to teach in even the most challenging of times. We’re helping businesses of all shapes and sizes to connect with their employees and customers in new ways, providing people with access to the digital skills they need and connecting the most remote parts of the world – whether through 5G, or otherwise.

We tackle whatever challenges come our way. We have each other’s backs, we recognize our accomplishments, and we grow together. We celebrate and support one another – from big and small things in life to big career moments. And giving back is in our DNA (we get 10 days off each year to do just that).

We know that powering an inclusive future starts with us. Because without diversity and a dedication to equality, there is no moving forward. Our 30 Inclusive Communities, that bring people together around commonalities or passions, are leading the way. Together we’re committed to learning, listening, caring for our communities, whilst supporting the most vulnerable with a collective effort to make this world a better place either with technology, or through our actions.

So, you have colorful hair? Don’t care. Tattoos? Show off your ink. Like polka dots? That’s cool. Pop culture geek? Many of us are. Passion for technology and world changing? Be you, with us! #WeAreCisco