About the job
Description

Please note, this is a hybrid position requiring 8 days per month on-site in Lakeland, FL.

Welcome to Publix Technology, the award-winning technical group for Publix Super Markets, Inc., the largest employee-owned company in the nation. Our technology teams of 2100+ associates provide innovative, modern solutions to nearly 1400 retail stores and 200,000+ internal team members across 8 states. We offer positions at all levels – summer internships, individual contributor roles, to technical leadership across a broad range of technical disciplines. So, whether you are interested in IT security, platform engineering, architecture, software development, or infrastructure – we have a career path for you! See for yourself why Publix Super Markets, Inc. is a constant on Fortune Magazine’s Best Companies to Work list.

Join the Supply Chain team where you will support large-scale data processing for the Supply Chain forecasting and replenishment engines.

Responsibilities

Assist with design and development of data-oriented solutions involving On-Prem and cloud (Microsoft Azure) technologies as a Python/Databricks engineer.
Provide hands-on development, deployment, maintenance, and optimization of data pipelines and workflows using Databricks.
Collaborate closely with data engineers, data scientists, and other stakeholders to understand requirements, design solutions, and implement them using Databricks’ platform.
Optimize and tune Databricks jobs for performance and scalability.
Convert requirements to technical design, develop high-quality solutions, and implement while collaborating with other technical and business teams.
Assist technical team through problem determination and resolution on highly complex problems.
Work in a cross-functional team environment utilizing an agile approach.
Maintain strong analytical, planning, problem solving, writing, and presentation skills.
Facilitate technical knowledge transfers and perform peer code reviews.

Required Qualifications

Bachelor’s degree in management information systems, Computer Science, Business, or other analytical disciplines or equivalent experience
5+ years of experience in application design, development, and delivery in an enterprise environment
5+ years of experience developing large-scale data manipulation processes.
2+ years of experience utilizing Databricks for Python
5+ years of experience working with relational databases.
5+ years of experience implementing large scale enterprise applications.
5+ years of experience in analyzing complex, enterprise business problems or processes and translating business requirements into technology solutions that factor in system performance, usability, quality, cross-system interdependencies, scalability, and total cost of ownership.
Proficient in writing complex queries using an ANSI-compliant SQL language against an enterprise relational database management system.
Experience planning and managing all activities associated with delivering solutions in a large-scale distributed environment.

Preferred Qualifications

7+ years of experience in application design, development, and delivery in an enterprise environment
7+ years of experience developing large-scale data manipulation processes.
4+ years of experience utilizing Databricks for Python
7+ years of experience working with relational databases.
7+ years of experience implementing large scale enterprise applications.
7+ years of experience in analyzing complex, enterprise business problems or processes and translating business requirements into technology solutions that factor in system performance, usability, quality, cross-system interdependencies, scalability, and total cost of ownership.
Experience in implementing enterprise applications using platform services like azure App service, Azure SQL, Azure Service Bus, notification hubs, event hubs, Microservices, stream analytics, Snowflake DB, Redis Cache, OpenAPI, IoT Hub, application insights, etc.
Experience with Azure DevOps for managing project tasks, managing code repositories, and creating yaml pipelines for CI/CD builds and deployments.
AZ-303 and/or AZ 304 Azure certifications or equivalent experience in designing/architecting Azure solutions
Experience with C# and/or Angular development

Benefits

Employee stock ownership plan that contributes Publix stock to associates each year at no cost
An opportunity to purchase additional shares of our privately-held stock
401(k) retirement savings plan
Group health, dental and vision plans 
Paid Time Off
Paid Parental Leave
Short- and long-term disability insurance
Tuition reimbursement
Free hot lunches (buffet-style) at facilities with a cafeteria
Visit our website to see all of our benefits: Benefits – Jobs (publix.com)

Year End Bonus

As a year-end bonus to associates, Publix issues one month’s extra pay (pro-rated in the first year) each year if associate remains employed through issue date of the bonus check that year. This is calculated as a 13th month of pay in the Potential Annual Pay with Bonus line above.

Additional Information

Your application may have additional steps that you will need to complete in order to remain eligible for consideration. Please be sure to monitor your email, including your spam folder, on a daily basis for critical, time-sensitive emails that could require action within 24-48 hours.

Please do not use your Publix email address when applying. Once your application has been successfully submitted you will receive a confirmation email.

***Relocation/Household Good Shipment Allowance will NOT be provided.***