About the job
In this age of disruption, organizations need to navigate the future with confidence by tapping into the power of data analytics, robotics, and cognitive technologies such as Artificial Intelligence (AI). Our Strategy & Analytics portfolio helps clients leverage rigorous analytical capabilities and a pragmatic mindset to solve the most complex of problems. By joining our team, you will play a key role in helping to our clients uncover hidden relationships from vast troves of data and transforming the Government and Public Services marketplace.

Work You'll Do

This Data Engineer will:

Craft a comprehensive strategy that governs collection, storage, and usage of client data, ensuring compliance and leveraging analytics for actionable insights. The strategy will include guidance on incorporation and interaction with legacy data systems.
Develop and validate a strategy for sharing data products, in accordance with the client's specific data architecture, created and stored using the client's data platform.
Continuously implement methodology outlined in the data exchange architecture and data implementation to expose data for end user consumption.
Establish security AuthN and AuthZ approach for data sharing. based on Zero Trust principles.

The Team 

Deloitte's Government and Public Services (GPS) practice - our people, ideas, technology and outcomes-is designed for impact. Serving federal, state, & local government clients as well as public higher education institutions, our team of over 15,000+ professionals brings fresh perspective to help clients anticipate disruption, reimagine the possible, and fulfill their mission promise.

The GPS AI & Data Engineering offering is responsible for developing advanced analytics products and applying data visualization and statistical programming tools to enterprise data in order to advance and enable the key mission outcomes for our clients. Our team supports all phases of analytic work product development, from the identification of key business questions through data collection and ETL, and from performing analyses and using a wide range of statistical, machine learning, and applied mathematical techniques to delivery insights to decision-makers. Our practitioners give special attention to the interplay between data and the business processes that produce it and the decision-makers that consume insights.

Qualifications

Required:

Active Secret security clearance required 
Bachelor's degree required
2+ years of experience in data engineering, data migrations, and/or data pipelining
2+ years of experience with design and implementation of data structures using ETL development
2+ years of experience with data governance and data strategy
2+ years of experience with Zero Trust
Must be legally authorized to work in the United States without the need for employer sponsorship, now or at any time in the future

Preferred:

Experience with government consulting or government employment
Experience with cloud data architecture
Experience with data warehousing tools and/or graph databases

Information for applicants with a need for accommodation: https://www2.deloitte.com/us/en/pages/careers/articles/join-deloitte-assistance-for-disabled-applicants.html