About the job
Job Location

Cincinnati

Job Description

Are you energized by using integrative thinking to solve tough business problems, using diverse sources of knowledge from analytics to psychology? Are you an intellectually curious individual who is passionate about uncovering human needs and desires? Are you able to discover the story in all the noise and identify what really matters? If so, then a role in the Consumer & Market Knowledge (CMK) – Analytics & Insights organization is for you!

In CMK, we combine analytics and insights to directly influence business strategy, product design, pricing, media investments, retail, go to market strategy … and much more! We use our boundless curiosity to discover what consumers want, why they want it, and how we can influence them through immersive exploration, in-depth analysis, and good research. We use state of the art analytics tools to dig deep in the data, identifying key business drivers and assessing the impact of investments like advertising and in store promotions. We use big data sources and analytics to understand consumers, markets, and retailers. We answer questions like: What should our brands stand for? Who are our target shoppers? How do we best reach them? How can we create exciting in-store and online shopper experiences? And… What’s next?

Our CMK interns serve as internal business strategy consultants, whose role is to ensure that consumer and shopper analytics and insights are the foundations of our business strategy and execution. Our interns work on multi-functional business teams – with Brand Management, Finance, Sales, R&D, and others – to constantly explore new opportunities for business growth. Your key to success will be your ability to build on and combine soft skills with analytical skills to convey research findings and drive actions with your key business partners across levels and functions. We believe people are endlessly fascinating and that there’s always something new to discover. One day you could be exploring human decision-making and how the brain works, and another deep-diving into big data sets to create insights that shape P&G business strategies.

So, here’s your opportunity! We’re looking for passionate and driven individuals to join our thriving analytics and insights team.

Job Qualifications

You are a good fit for this role if you:

Are in your Junior year of an undergraduate program or within 2 years of graduating from a Masters program (required)
Have a Data Analytics, Social Studies, or Anthropological/Psychology background.
Willing to relocate
Have strong analytical skills, using multiple data sources. A statistical qualification is not required, but comfort with data analysis is essential.
Are engaged in extra-curricular activities, with analytical skills, team orientation, a “can-do” attitude, and the ability to deliver breakthrough results.
Have creativity, innovation, initiative, follow-through, & strong communication.
Have the ability to contribute and influence across levels and functions.
Are in good academic standing.

JUST SO YOU KNOW:

At P&G, Intern/Co-Op sessions are considered temporary employment, with a predicted ending point. No full-time employment commitments are made. However, depending on satisfactory completion of certain criteria, you may be considered for a full-time position upon graduation.

Starting Pay Range: $29-$50 /hr

Compensation for roles at P&G varies depending on a wide array of non-discriminatory factors including but not limited to the specific office location, role, degree/credentials, relevant skill set, and level of relevant experience. At P&G compensation decisions are dependent on the facts and circumstances of each case. Total Rewards at P&G include salary + bonus (if applicable) + benefits. Your recruiter may be able to share more about our total rewards offerings and the specific salary range for the relevant location(s) during the hiring process.

We are committed to providing equal opportunities in employment. We value diversity and do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.

Immigration Sponsorship is not available for this role. For more information regarding who is eligible for hire at P&G along with other work authorization FAQ’s, please click HERE.

Procter & Gamble participates in e-verify as required by law.

Qualified individuals will not be disadvantaged based on being unemployed.

We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation.

Job Schedule

Full time

Job Number

R000113326

Job Segmentation

Internships (Job Segmentation)

Starting Pay / Salary Range

$29.00 - $50.00 / hour