About the job
Responsibilities

Kforce has a client that is seeking an AI/ML Engineer in Mount Pleasant, PA. Summary: The AI/ML Engineer will work with the data architect and data analytics team to construct data storage and data pipelining solutions for ML and analytic products. They will manage the creation of data storage solutions for data retrieved from TCTP, as well as data quality and transformation pipelines for any data intended for insight generation (through ML services or statistical modeling). As an AI/ML Engineer, you will configure required cloud services and containers for data analytics or ML modeling work and will have responsibility for deploying productionized ML models and ensuring that all outputs are available for dashboarding. You will also contribute to the documentation of the ML deployments and data pipelines for which they are responsible. Responsibilities:

 AI/ML Engineer will build data pipelines for analytics and machine learning (ML) purposes
 Design, build, test, and deploy ML models
 Prepare data programmatically for statistical modeling
 As an AI/ML Engineer, you will deploy and manage instances of ML models/containers within the data pipeline
 Document ML deployments and data pipelines

Requirements

 3+ years of experience with SQL
 Experience with Python for statistical or ML purposes
 Experience and understanding of feature engineering for ML purposes
 Experience with Spark/PySpark, AWS Glue, or other ETL tools
 Experience with Sagemaker and other AWS ML tools
 Experience implementing and managing instances of ML models/containers within the client data tech stack
 Familiarity with any requisite data architecture or technologies used by the client (AWS)

Common Optional Qualifications

 Can help with data normalization, quality assurance, data manipulation, etc. for preparation for ML instances
 Ability to communicate effectively with system data engineers and clients to understand how best to architect data science solutions for client purposes using existing and planned data infrastructure

The pay range is the lowest to highest compensation we reasonably in good faith believe we would pay at posting for this role. We may ultimately pay more or less than this range. Employee pay is based on factors like relevant education, qualifications, certifications, experience, skills, seniority, location, performance, union contract and business needs. This range may be modified in the future.

We offer comprehensive benefits including medical/dental/vision insurance, HSA, FSA, 401(k), and life, disability & ADD insurance to eligible employees. Salaried personnel receive paid time off. Hourly employees are not eligible for paid time off unless required by law. Hourly employees on a Service Contract Act project are eligible for paid sick leave.

Note: Pay is not considered compensation until it is earned, vested and determinable. The amount and availability of any compensation remains in Kforce's sole discretion unless and until paid and may be modified in its discretion consistent with the law.

This job is not eligible for bonuses, incentives or commissions.

Kforce is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.