About the job
At Two Six Technologies, we build, deploy, and implement innovative products that solve the world’s most complex challenges today. Through unrivaled collaboration and unwavering trust, we push the boundaries of what’s possible to empower our team and support our customers in building a safer global future.

UI Developer

Job Description

Seeking a UI developer motivated to learn and contribute to a growing team that is solving complex problems for our intelligence community. We work in a fast-paced, collaborative, inclusive, and iterative delivery environment. A successful candidate will be familiar with and interested in working with Angular, Typescript, Jasmine, Cypress, etc to provide robust and comprehensive UI testing. This role will evolve over time to include development of intuitive new features for a UI that is currently serving hundreds of daily users.

Day In & Day Out Duties

Evaluate current test coverage and define additional tests to provide additional coverage
Following software engineering best practices, including implementation of features, enhancements, and bug fixes

Keys For Success

BS in Computer Science or a related field
3+ years of software development using Typescript with Angular
Experience writing Jasmine tests
Experience with or willingness to learn Cypress test development
Linux familiarity
Security + certification, or the ability to obtain one within 6 months

Bonus Points

Familiarity with OpenLayer maps and/or D3 visualization libraries
Experience with GitLab, Jira, and Agile development practices
Experience with Microsoft Visual Studio Code IDE

Active TS/SCI Security Clearance Required

Looking for other great opportunities? Check out Two Six Technologies Opportunities for all our Company’s current openings!

Ready to make the first move towards growing your career? If so, check out the Two Six Technologies Candidate Journey! This will give you step-by-step directions on applying, what to expect during the application process, information about our rich benefits and perks along with our most frequently asked questions. If you are undecided and would like to learn more about us and how we are contributing to essential missions, check out our Two Six Technologies News  page! We share information about the tech world around us and how we are making an impact! Still have questions, no worries! You can reach us at Contact Two Six Technologies. We are happy to connect and cover the information needed to assist you in reaching your next career milestone.

Two Six Technologies is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices based on race (including traits historically associated with race, such as hair texture, hair type and protective hair styles (e.g., braids, twists, locs and twists)), color, religion, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions and lactation), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age (40 and over), marital status, disability, genetic information, and protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local law.

If you are an individual with a disability and would like to request reasonable workplace accommodation for any part of our employment process, please send an email to accomodations@twosixtech.com. Information provided will be kept confidential and used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations.

Additionally, please be advised that this business uses E-Verify in its hiring practices.

EOE, including disability/vets.

By submitting the following application, I hereby certify that to the best of my knowledge, the information provided is true and accurate.