About the job
Job Title: Front End Engineer

 Location: Remote

 Duration: Contract to Perm

 Job Description:

8+ years of software development in enterprise/ web/ cloud applications

8+ years of experience with frontend technologies.

7+ experience with Angular 10+ & IBM Websphere Portal

5+ years of experience with cloud computing technologies

5+ experience with AngularJS or other open-source technologies/frameworks

5+ experience with Stack Reviews, Code Reviews, Improvement, Best Practices, Mentor

Technical Staff, Solutioning Experience

5+ years of experience of working in Github,CI/CD pipeline.

5+ Building, testing, and deploying code to run on cloud infrastructure.

Experience in working with Webservices.

Preferred Qualifications:

Experience with GraphQL

Experience with reactJS, Nodejs

Experience leveraging container-based technologies

Experience in unit testing, functional testing frameworks

Experience with delivery through an Agile delivery methodology

Experience working with complex systems and solving challenging/analytical problems

Ability to leverage multiple tools and programming languages to analyze and manipulate

data sets from disparate data sources.

Education:

Bachelor's degree or,

 Thank you, 

 Pallavi Verma, Sr. Technical Recruiter 

 Syntricate Technologies Inc. 

 Phone#: (781) 552-4333| Email to: pallavi@syntricatetechnologies.com 

 MBE & E-Verify Certified 

IT Services & Solutions | IT, Non-IT & Medical Staffing services

Explore our more positions on  Website 

Connect with us on  LinkedIn 

This e-mail message may contain confidential or legally privileged information and is intended only for the use of the intended recipient(s). Any unauthorized disclosure, dissemination, distribution, copying or the taking of any action in reliance on the information herein is prohibited. Please notify the sender immediately by email if you have received this email by mistake and delete this e-mail from your system.You have received this email as we have your email address in our member(s) or subscriber(s) list. If you do not want to receive any further emails or updates, please reply and request to unsubscribe.