About the job
Overview

Acuity, Inc. has an immediate opening for a React Developer to join our engineering team!

Are you a front-end developer, involved with human centric interface devleoper and developing quality code? Do you desire to make a difference and have an impact through the work that you create? If so, come join Acuity! You’ll work to develop applications within a cloud-based big data platform in an Agile development environment.

Acuity is focused on building cutting edge, functional applications for many government agencies. We are a team of “doers” with a bias towards action and have a proven track record of implementing innovative technology solutions to solve complex challenges. Our team believes in the importance of usability, user experience (UX), and design within our applications. We seek to break the stereotype of clunky government applications. We use modern design and project management tools such rapid prototyping and agile development methodologies to build and customize solutions that are easy to use and effective at meeting their business objectives. We think of the applications we have developed as products and work to ship those products in weeks/months instead of years.

If you are passionate about using your skills in IT Modernization, Data Enablement, and Hyperautomation to make a positive impact, you might find a good fit at Acuity. We serve federal agencies as a trusted digital strategy and technology consulting firm, providing innovative technical leadership to support our customers’ critical missions.

Responsibilities

 Create effectively tested, re-usable, and efficient JavaScript and TypeScript code. 
 Develop mission critical user interfaces. 
 Support continuous improvement by staying up-to-date on front-end technology. 
 Work collaboratively with a team in an Agile environment. 
 Guide teams of developers (and non-developers) to the completion of successful projects. 


Qualifications

 Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or a related field. 
 2-3 years of professional experience using React. 
 Experience with Jest/Enzyme or equivalent tools. 
 Expertise using Hooks, including custom hooks 
 Expertise with Git. 
 Expertise with GraphQL w/apollo client 
 Experience with Netflix DGS 
 Experience with Spring Boot 
 Experience working in an agile environment (Scrum preferred) as part of a cross-functional team. 
 Strong communication skills. 
 Professional experience with Test Driven Development and performing code reviews. 


Desired

 Knowledge of accessibility/UX best practices and Section 508 compliance, and/or WCAG 2.0 standards 


Clearance Requirements

 US citizen clearable to high risk public trust. Preferred if there is an existing DHS, DOJ or DOD federal government clearance. 


About Acuity

Acuity, Inc. is a leading management and technology consulting firm that specializes in serving the federal government. Our innovative, collaborative and rewarding work environment has earned repeat honors from the Washington Business Journal’s Best Places to Work and SmartCEO Corporate Culture awards.

Why Choose Acuity?

 Innovative Excellence: Recognized by The Washington Post's "Top Workplaces" and a nine-time recipient of the Washington Business Journal's "Best Places to Work," Acuity fosters an environment where innovation thrives and employees flourish. 
 Competitive Compensation: We value our employees and show it through highly competitive compensation and benefits packages. 
 Personal Growth: Your potential isn't just recognized at Acuity, it's actively cultivated. With tailored training, mentorship, and cutting-edge resources, we empower you to thrive personally and professionally. 
 Recognition and Visibility: Stand out in a competitive industry with Acuity's exceptional customer feedback and robust opportunity channels. 
 Collaborative Culture: At Acuity, teamwork isn't just a buzzword – it's the cornerstone of our success. Encouragement and support fuel our collaborative culture, where every voice matters. 
 Diversity and Inclusion: Diversity isn't just a checkbox – it's who we are. At Acuity, we pride ourselves on recruiting and maintaining a workforce that celebrates diversity and treats every employee with dignity and respect. 


Join Acuity, where your talents are valued, your growth is nurtured, and your impact is amplified. Together, let's shape the future of digital strategy and technology consulting.

We are an equal employment opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by law.