About the job
Own Your Future.

Modern Technology Solutions, Inc. (MTSI) is searching for a UI/UX Front-End Developer (Mid-Level) to support United States Space Force (USSF). This position will be located in Colorado Springs, CO

Why is MTSI known as a Great Place to Work?

Interesting Work: Our co-workers support some of the most important and critical programs to our national defense and security. 
Values: Our first core value is that employees come first. We challenge our co-workers to provide the highest level of support and service, and reward them with some of the best benefits in the industry. 
100% Employee Ownership: we have a stake in each other's success, and the success of our customers. It's also nice to know what's going on across the company; we have company wide town-hall meetings three times a year. 
Great Benefits - Most Full-Time Staff Are Eligible for: 
Starting PTO accrual of 20 days PTO/year + 10 holidays/year
Flexible schedules
6% 401k match with immediate vesting
Semi-annual bonus eligibility (July and December)
Company funded Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP) - a separate qualified retirement account
Up to $10,000 in annual tuition reimbursement
Other company funded benefits, like life and disability insurance
Optional zero deductible Blue Cross/Blue Shield health insurance plan
Track Record of Success: We have grown every year since our founding in 1993
Modern Technology Solutions, Inc. (MTSI) is a 100% employee-owned engineering services and solutions company that provides high-demand technical expertise in Digital Transformation, Modeling and Simulation, Rapid Capability Development, Test and Evaluation, Artificial Intelligence, Autonomy, Cybersecurity and Mission Assurance.

MTSI delivers capabilities to solve problems of global importance. Founded in 1993, MTSI today has employees at over 20 offices and field sites worldwide.

For more information about MTSI, please visit www.mtsi-va.com.

Responsibilities

Modern Technology Solutions, Inc. (MTSI) is searching for a UI/UX Front-End Developer to support United States Space Force (USSF) by developing software in support of Space Systems Command (SSC) Cyber Operations Branch rapid agile development of defensive cyber solutions to protect, defend, and respond to both ground and space based cyber adversarial threats. A successful candidate should be a leader and problem solver with a proven ability to deliver superior results as part of a high performing team in a fast-paced environment.

Role And Responsibilities

As a mid-level UI/UX Front-End Developer with MTSI, your development activities at the Cyber Operations Branch program office adhere to Scaled Agile Framework (SAFe). SAFe offers proven, integrated principles, practices, and competencies to implement lead, agile, and DevOps at scale. Additionally, this program office personifies DevSecOps which automates the integration of security at every phase of the software development lifecycle from initial design, through integration, testing, deployment, and software delivery. These development efforts shall result in two deployable defensive cyber solutions to protect, defend, and respond to USSF mission systems.

Your essential job functions will include but may not be limited to:

Provide a portfolio of professional UI/UX design work. Hands-On with coding and ability to troubleshoot using HTML, CSS and comparable languages. Designing UI elements such as input controls, navigational components and informational components. Creating user flows, wireframes, prototypes and mockups. Translating requirements into style guides, design systems, design patterns and attractive user interfaces. Creating user-centered designs by understanding business requirements, and user feedback

Qualifications

Required skills:

Experience in the following applications frameworks:
Sketch, InVision, Visio, HTML, CSS (SCSS), Design Systems, Adobe Creative Suite
Desired Skills/experience

Relevant DoD and/or Industry work experience in Space Systems Command
Experience with Cyber Operations Branch (SSC/SZYO) program office

Education/Certification

Minimum Requirements

Bachelor’s degree in computer science, software engineering, data science, software development or STEM related specialty and 6 years' releated professional experience; Or Master’s degree in computer science, software engineering, data science, software development, or STEM related specialty and 4 years' related professional experience.
Must have SAFe for Teams Certification, Google UX Design, General Assembly UX Design Immersive

Clearance

Must possess an active DoD Secret Clearance. A Top Secret (TS) security clearance (with SCI and SAP eligibility) is HIGHLY desired.

Location/Travel Requirements:

Place of work is Colorado Springs, remote work opportunity is limited. You may be required to travel periodically, less than 10%.

The pay range for this position in Colorado is $100,000/year to $125,000/year; however, base pay offered may vary depending on established government contract rates, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience, and other factors. MTSI also offers a full range of medical, financial, and other benefits, dependent on the position offered. This information is provided per the Colorado Equal Pay Act. Base pay information is based on market location. Applicants should apply via MTSI’s internal or external careers site

#SSC-BH

#MTSI

2023-7944