About the job
About the Company:

At TopQuadrant, we make data meaningful and accessible. We help the world’s largest organizations break down data silos to empower teams to make better decisions, faster. Our flagship product, TopBraid EDG is the most practical deployment of knowledge graphs and semantic technology in the market, and allows Fortune 500 companies to empower discovery, governance, and security of organizational data to enable the creation of the world’s most important technologies.

About the role:

TopQuadrant is looking for a talented Front-End Developer to join its product development team. An ideal candidate is an achievement-oriented self-starter who will enjoy working in a small dynamic company with an outstanding technical team and many opportunities to learn, innovate and make a difference.

Note:  Applicants must be authorized to work for any employer in the U.S. We are unable to sponsor or take over sponsorship of an employment Visa at this time.

What you’ll be doing:

Front-End Development:

Own front-end development of our core products, including development of new features and improvement to existing code base.
Collaborate with product management, external UX designers, and back-end engineers to implement user-friendly interfaces.
Write clean, efficient, and maintainable code, adhering to best practices and coding standards.


Technical Leadership:

Provide technical guidance and mentorship to junior front-end developers.
Stay current with industry trends and best practices, and drive their adoption within the team.


Architecture and Design:

Architect and design front-end systems that are scalable and flexible.
Develop, implement and maintain design documents and development wikis.


Code Review:

Conduct thorough code reviews to ensure code quality, consistency, and adherence to coding standards.
Provide constructive feedback to team members to promote continuous improvement.


Performance Optimization:

Identify and address performance bottlenecks in the front-end code.
Optimize applications for speed and responsiveness.
Keep 3rd-party libraries up to date.
Run regular security audits on Javascript libraries.


Testing and Quality Assurance:

Collaborate with the quality assurance team to ensure the reliability and robustness of front-end applications.
Implement and advocate for automated testing practices.


What we’re looking for:

Strong knowledge of JavaScript / React.
Experience with HTML & CSS.
Experience with Yarn package manager or equivalent.
Experience with JavaScript build tools WebPack or similar.
Team development processes: continuous integration, git, agile or other methodologies.


Bonus:

Experience in Semantic Web Technologies, Linked Data, RDF and SPARQL.
GraphQL


Working at TopQuadrant is best exemplified by our values:

Possibility (aka the “Why Not” mentality): We embrace new ideas and ways of thinking because we never let an opportunity to “level up” pass us by. Piloting and testing good ideas will keep us learning. In general, moving faster is better.
Humility (aka “Gate check your baggage”): Best ideas win. We check our assumptions and our egos at the door. Titles, the “the way things were,” or “should have been” just don’t matter. The best ideas focus on the greater good. When in doubt, customers (and customer value) knows best.
Ownership: Finish lines matter. We expect ourselves and each other to step up and own processes and outcomes to completion. We give credit, let decision makers decide, ask for and give feedback, point fingers inward first, examine every cost, and never make excuses because that’s what makes great teams great.
Partnership: Customers value us because we provide them with superpowers they’ve never had. We do not simply provide a product or service, we engage as equal partners in their solution. We influence the outcome and express our expertise and opinions unapologetically. And when we succeed, we share in the value we deliver because we value our time, our technology, and ourselves.
Teamwork: Be the person you’d want to work with. Build each other up.