About the job
At Turtle Rock, we make the games we want to play. We're dedicated to providing a collaborative environment where our team members feel empowered with the creative freedom to contribute and grow. While we are based in Orange County, CA, we support flexible work arrangements ranging from in-studio, hybrid, to fully remote throughout North America. Join our award-winning game development team and help create our next AAA title.

Join our exceptional development team as a UI Engineer. The job will consist of extending UI tools and integrate them in to the game engine. You will work closely with UI artists and must be able to make revisions based on playtest feedback. Being part of a collaborative UI team we expect a strong sense for UI design and a drive to make clean, user-friendly and forward-thinking user interfaces and the ability to express ideas and feedback to the rest of the team.

Responsibilities

Use and extend UI tools and integrate them into the game engine
Support and assist UI artists integrating art assets and data into the user interfaces
Technical ownership for several UI specific features and screens
Able to dive into core engine code when needed
Profile and tune UI for best performance

Requirements

Great communication and teamwork skills
Able to put themselves in the player's shoes when developing systems
Experience using event driven UI Systems
Strong C++ experience

Preferences

Experience with Unreal Engine and UMG
Previous work on Multiplayer Action Games and FPS's a plus
Shipped at least 1 Title
Bachelor's degree or equivalent in Computer Science or Engineering

Benefits

Some of the benefits and perks our employees get to enjoy, include:

100% Medical, Dental, Vision Coverage for you and your family
401k Matching
Profit Sharing Plan
Student Loan Repayment Plan / College Savings Plan
Career Improvement Plan
Flexible Work Arrangements - In-House, Hybrid, and Remote
Generous Time Off Policy
Company Events - In-Person Summer Family Bash + Halloween Party + Virtual Events
Fully Stocked Kitchen + Sponsored Food Trucks

The estimated base pay range for this role is: $116,000 - $145,000USD

We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.