About the job
Description

Join us at the cutting edge of Amazon's sustainability initiatives to work on environmental and social advancements to support Amazon's long term worldwide sustainability strategy. At Amazon, we're working to be the most customer-centric company on earth. To get there, we need exceptionally talented, bright, and driven people.

The Worldwide Sustainability (WWS) organization capitalizes on Amazon’s scale and speed to build a more resilient and sustainable company. We manage our social and environmental impacts globally, and drive solutions that enable our customers, businesses, and the world to become more sustainable.

The Sustainability Measurement & Abatement Technology team builds technical solutions to track, record, and forecast Amazon's WW impact on the Environment (i.e., Carbon, Water, Waste, etc.). This includes calculating past and current impacts and future abatement plans, ensuring credibility through standards and validations, and highlighting non-obvious opportunities for Amazon’s global business teams.

We are seeking a Front End Engineer II

Key job responsibilities

 Design and build new web applications
 Interact directly with our users to obtain feedback
 Partner with UI Designers and Product Managers to drive new user experiences
 Spend some quality, uninterrupted time writing code

About The Team

Diverse Experiences:

World Wide Sustainability (WWS) values diverse experiences. Even if you do not meet all of the qualifications and skills listed in the job description, we encourage candidates to apply. If your career is just starting, hasn’t followed a traditional path, or includes alternative experiences, don’t let it stop you from applying.

Inclusive Team Culture

It’s in our nature to learn and be curious. Our employee-led affinity groups foster a culture of inclusion that empower us to be proud of our differences. Ongoing events and learning experiences, including our Conversations on Race and Ethnicity (CORE) and AmazeCon (gender diversity) conferences, inspire us to never stop embracing our uniqueness.

Mentorship & Career Growth

We’re continuously raising our performance bar as we strive to become Earth’s Best Employer. That’s why you’ll find endless knowledge-sharing, mentorship and other career-advancing resources here to help you develop into a better-rounded professional.

Work/Life Balance

We value work-life harmony. Achieving success at work should never come at the expense of sacrifices at home, which is why flexible work hours and arrangements are part of our culture. When we feel supported in the workplace and at home, there’s nothing we can’t achieve.

Basic Qualifications

 3+ years of non-internship professional software development experience
 2+ years of non-internship design or architecture (design patterns, reliability and scaling) of new and existing systems experience
 Experience programming with at least one software programming language

Preferred Qualifications

 3+ years of full software development life cycle, including coding standards, code reviews, source control management, build processes, testing, and operations experience
 Bachelor's degree in computer science or equivalent

Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us.

Our compensation reflects the cost of labor across several US geographic markets. The base pay for this position ranges from $129,300/year in our lowest geographic market up to $223,600/year in our highest geographic market. Pay is based on a number of factors including market location and may vary depending on job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. Amazon is a total compensation company. Dependent on the position offered, equity, sign-on payments, and other forms of compensation may be provided as part of a total compensation package, in addition to a full range of medical, financial, and/or other benefits. For more information, please visit https://www.aboutamazon.com/workplace/employee-benefits. This position will remain posted until filled. Applicants should apply via our internal or external career site.


Company - Amazon.com Services LLC

Job ID: A2716948