About the job
Title: Front End Developer

 Location: Remote

This position is within Media Technology and Operations, in a software team that works on automating workflows, building easy-to-use-toolsets, and solving problems for operations in and around content flows and media systems. Our team supports Live Sports, CNN, Cartoon Network, and more.We are actively seeking a motivated Front-end Developer to enhance our dynamic team. The ideal candidate is a team player who works well with others but is also able to work independently. You are passionate about implementing and delivering technologies that help make the lives of their end users better.

Daily Responsibilities

 Develop and maintain applications using multiple frameworks working in Jira and Git
 Ability to build from user stories and be active in technical design
 Build efficient, scalable, secure, and observable applications
 Able to take and give feedback in team meetings and code review
 Building functional and efficient pages for our operational teams
 Be proactive and responsive in addressing technical issues

 Technology requirements:

 Solid experience with JavaScript/Typescript and Node.js in conjunction with at least one of the following: React.js, Vue.js, or similar frameworks.
 Strong understanding of front-end technologies, including HTML5, CSS3, JS, responsive UIs.

Years Experience

" 5+

Required Background/ Skillsets

 Understanding of fundamental design principles behind a scalable application.
 Knowledge of best practices and standards for web development.
 Good understanding of asynchronous request handling, and partial page updates.
 Familiarity with RESTful APIs

 Must Have Skills / Requirements

 Aptitude/Communication skills
 Able to work hard independently and with others collaboratively
 Media Experience
 Disney, Xbox, etc.
 Experience with CICD
 Continuous integration and continuous deployment experience

Desired Skills and Experience
JAVASCRIPT, TYPESCRIPT, NODE.JS, NODEJS, NODE JS, REACT.JS, VUE.JS, VUEJS, REACTJS, DISNEY, XBOX, CNN, CARTOON NETWORK, NETFLIX, BBC, FOXNEWS, HTML, CSS