About the job
Kravet Inc. has been selected as a 2024 US Best Managed Company for the fourth year in a row! Sponsored by Deloitte* Private and The Wall Street Journal, the program recognizes outstanding U.S. private companies and the achievements of their management teams. In addition, Kravet Inc. is proud to be Certified™ by Great Place To Work® for the third year in a row. The prestigious award is based entirely on what current employees say about their experience working at Kravet Inc. This year, 87% of employees said it’s a great place To Work – 30 points higher than the average U.S. company.

Position summary:

Kravet Inc. is looking for a Full Stack Web Developer. Candidate will need specialization in Magento 2 and will be part of the team responsible for developing, maintaining and updating the functionality of multiple websites. It is ideal to have knowledge of Magento 2, PHP, SQL, Javascript, HTML, and CSS. Clear communication skills, organization and working with team members, upper management and outside departments are crucial, as well the ability to multi-task.

Strong knowledge of Magento 2
Programming languages (HTML, CSS, PHP, SQL, JavaScript)
Knowledge of E-commerce best practices
Strong focus on security protocols
Familiarity with web hosting
Troubleshooting skills
Clear communication skills
Familiarity with API integration methods
Able to work with custom code
Magento certification is a plus
Familiarity working with Magento themes/plugins/extensions
Experience with SOAP and REST APIs
Ability to work with external teams and non-technical team members
Ability to work independently, as well as collaboratively
Wordpress experience is a plus


Salary pay range: $70,000 to $80,000

This job posting contains a pay range, which represents the range of salaries or hourly rates that Kravet Inc. believes, at the time of this posting, that it might be willing to pay for the posted job. Only where an external candidate has extensive experience, credentials, or expertise that far exceed those required or expected for the position, would Kravet Inc. consider paying a salary or rate near the higher end of the range.

More About Kravet Inc.

The family’s commitment to innovation has helped the company transform from a small fabric house to a global leader, representing brands and designers from all over the world. Kravet Inc. owns Kravet, Lee Jofa, Groundworks, GP & J Baker, Brunschwig & Fils and Donghia— specializing in style, luxury and exceptional design. With locations in North America and worldwide, Kravet Inc. offers the highest level of customer service, quality products and web technology for today’s design professionals.

At Kravet Inc. we value the different social identities that make us who we are. We are committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace that represents the many different cultures, experiences, and viewpoints that reflect our communities. Our promise is to be open to learning and to be an inclusive employer and partner, with thoughtful strategies and practices that amplify the different voices of our industry.

This job description has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performance by employees within this classification. It is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities and qualifications required of employees assigned to this position.