About the job
Please Note:


 If you are a first time user, please create your candidate login account before you apply for a job. (Click Sign In > Create Account)
 If you already have a Candidate Account, please Sign-In before you apply.


Job Description:

At Broadcom, we believe that all our products should be engaging and easy to use. We are looking for software engineers interested in working at the crossroads of design and development to build an ecosystem of tools and principles to help Mainframe product teams to deliver high-quality, accessible, and consistent UI’s.

Mainframe systems are at the heart of the digital economy. Did you know 67 of the Fortune 100 companies use Mainframes, 45 of the world’s top 50 banks, 8 of the top 10 insurers, 4 of the top 5 airlines, and 7 of the 10 global retailers all rely on the mainframe. With 80% of the world’s structured corporate data residing or originating on mainframes, and 55% of all enterprise applications hitting the mainframe to complete transactions. Our industry-leading products are critical to many Fortune 1000 companies.

Join us to leverage your UI expertise to help to modernize our enterprise software products. People who do well on this team are self-motivated engineers with a passion for our business and for technology innovation. We look for individuals with knowledge of Typescript, CSS, and HTML who are comfortable writing custom Javascript but also know when to apply off-the-shelf solutions for the problem. We also value people who are passionate about user experience and have an eye for improving the UI. We currently work with TypeScript, React, GraphQL, and Node.js. However the ability to adapt with changing technology is an important strength. #Broadcomsoftware

Opportunities to Make an Impact


This development role will produce deliverables for use in all products in our Mainframe division teams, working directly for the Director of UI and UX strategy.
Work collaboratively with our Product, UX, and Engineering teams to understand requirements, design, code and test innovative applications, and contribute to the strategic roadmap
Build great user interfaces and experiences with our in house component library, used by all Broadcom’s Mainframe software products.
Work with leads to provide thought leadership and storytelling around how we may support the evolution of digital procurement tools through design.
Analyzes, debugs and/or assists in problem-solving in both development and production environments.Actively support and contribute to end of iteration demos. 


What sets you apart


Knowledge and experience in Frontend Development technologies such as HTML, JavaScript, Typescript, CSS, React.
Knowledge of MVC, MVVM architectural patterns in front-end architectures.
You thrive on collaboration, working side by side with people of all backgrounds and disciplines, and you have very strong verbal and written communication skills.Leads design and delivery of new products/processes.
You are great at solving problems, debugging, troubleshooting, designing and implementing solutions to complex technical issues.Applies broad concepts and theories to achieve innovative and effective solutions to complex problems.
No instructions on routine work; general guidelines for new assignments - Experience : Bachelors and 5+ years of related experience or Masters degree and 3+ years of related experience or PhD and no experience


This position is open for multiple locations including: Plano TX , Lisle IL, Durham, NC, Broadcom locations in the US. #Broadcomsoftware

Additional Job Description:

Compensation And Benefits

The annual base salary range for this position is $91,000 - $146,000

This position is also eligible for a discretionary annual bonus in accordance with relevant plan documents, and equity in accordance with equity plan documents and equity award agreements.

Broadcom offers a competitive and comprehensive benefits package: Medical, dental and vision plans, 401(K) participation including company matching, Employee Stock Purchase Program (ESPP), Employee Assistance Program (EAP), company paid holidays, paid sick leave and vacation time. The company follows all applicable laws for Paid Family Leave and other leaves of absence.

Broadcom is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We will consider qualified applicants without regard to race, color, creed, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, citizenship, disability status, medical condition, pregnancy, protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by federal, state, or local law. We will also consider qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records consistent with local law.

If you are located outside USA, please be sure to fill out a home address as this will be used for future correspondence.