About the job
Inovalon was founded in 1998 on the belief that technology, and data specifically, would empower the transformation of the entire healthcare ecosystem for the better, improving both outcomes and economics. At Inovalon, we believe that when our customers are successful in their missions, healthcare improves. Therefore, we focus on empowering them with data-driven solutions. And the momentum is building.

Together, as ONE Inovalon, we are a united force delivering solutions that address healthcare’s greatest needs. Through our mission-based culture of inclusion and innovation, our organization brings value not just to our customers, but to the millions of patients and members they serve.

Overview

We're looking to hire a Senior Front End Developer to join our cross-application UX team. In this role, you'll build and maintain high-performing web applications with a top-quality codebase. You'll also be asked to create amazing user experiences for new and existing desktop and mobile apps. You'll be expected to successfully work through complex tasks independently, understand the intricacies of the software development life cycle, and demonstrate strong adherence to fundamental software engineering principles. This position requires collaboration with UX designers, backend developers, and product stakeholders to create exciting UI solutions that fulfill business needs and delight our customers.

Duties And Responsibilities

Build and implement high-performing and responsive web applications using Angular best practices;
Write clean and efficient JavaScript, HTML and CSS;
Collaborate with other team members, such as UX designers, project managers, and backend developers to deliver high quality, testable code that meets the “Definition of Done” as it relates to team commitments;
Develop a modularized or template-based implementation supporting a reusable component-based architecture or UI framework;
Participate in design and code reviews with other engineers;
Create automated unit, system and acceptance tests and participate in test plan reviews;
Actively support and contribute to end of iteration demos;
Work with product management to scope and estimate product enhancements;
Fix software defects (internal or customer reported) following defined process;
Actively foster continuous team improvement by being accountable for actions and continuously striving to become a better problem solver;
Contribute to team retrospectives, helping to identify and resolve team impediments;
Write and maintain documentation to describe program development, logic, coding, testing, changes, and corrections;
Adhere to all confidentiality, HIPAA, regulatory, and other such policies, procedures, and requirements as outlined within Employer's Operating Policies and Procedures in all ways and at all times with respect to any aspect of the data handled or services rendered in the scope of work;
Maintain compliance with Inovalon's policies, procedures and mission statement, and fulfill those responsibilities and/or duties that may be reasonably provided by Inovalon for the purpose of achieving operational and financial success. 

Job Requirements:

Minimum 5 years of experience with front-end or full-stack software development;
Solid understanding of UI/UX design principles;
Practical knowledge of Angular, React, Vue.js or another modern SPA UI framework (Angular preferred);
Strong knowledge of multiple front-end languages (JavaScript, HTML, CSS) and associated libraries;
Ability to write cross-browser compatible code;
Proficiency with JavaScript building tools like Gulp or Grunt;
Good comprehension of server-side CSS pre-processors such as Stylus, Less;
Demonstrates high personal integrity and ability to earn trust from others;
Exhibits a growth mindset, seeks feedback often and is effective in continuous personal and professional development;
Continuously pursuing self-directed learning activities aimed at developing expertise within technical domain, including reading relevant publications, participating in domain forums or groups etc.;
Ability to anticipate and look for creative ways to solve problems and apply best practices;
Communication, organization, and teamwork skills.

Education:

Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or Information Technology.

Physical Demands and Work Environment:

Sedentary work (i.e. sitting for long periods of time).

Exerting up to 10 pounds of force occasionally and/or negligible amount of force.

Subject to inside environmental conditions.

Travel for this position will include less than 10% locally usually for training purposes.

The actual base pay offered may vary depending on multiple factors including, but not limited to, job-related knowledge/skills, experience, business needs, geographical location, and internal equity. At Inovalon, it is not typical for an individual to be hired at or near the top end of the range for their role, and compensation decisions are dependent upon the facts and circumstances of each position and candidate.

Base Compensation Range

$82,471—$150,000 USD

Studies have shown that women and people of color are less likely to apply for jobs unless they believe they meet every one of the qualifications listed in a job description. If you don’t meet every qualification listed but are excited about our mission and the work described, we encourage you to apply regardless. Inovalon is most interested in finding the best candidate for the job and you may be just the right person for this or other roles.

By embracing diversity, equity and inclusion we enhance our work environment and drive business success. Inovalon strives to reflect the diversity of the communities where we operate and of our clients and everyone whom we serve. We endeavor to create a culture of inclusion in which our associates feel empowered to bring their full, authentic selves to work and pursue their professional goals in an equitable setting. We understand that by fostering this type of culture, and welcoming different perspectives, we generate innovation and growth.

Inovalon is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirement.

The Company maintains a drug free work environment for all of its associates, which includes employees, contractors and vendors. It is unlawful for associates to manufacture, sell, distribute, dispense, possess or use any controlled substance or marijuana in the workplace and doing so will result in disciplinary action, up to and including termination of employment or the contracted relationship.

To review the legal requirements, including all labor law posters, please visit this link