About the job
Are you an experienced, passionate pioneer in technology? A system's professional who wants to work in a collaborative environment. As an experienced (Skillset example - Java Developer) you will have the ability to share new ideas and collaborate on projects as a consultant without the extensive demands of travel. Consider an opportunity with our US Delivery Center - we are breaking the mold of a typical Delivery Center.

Recruiting for this position will end on Aug 29, 2024

Work you'll do:

Hands-On with coding and ability to troubleshoot using HTML, CSS and comparable languages.
Designing UI elements such as input controls, navigational components and informational components.
Creating user flows, wireframes, prototypes and mockups.
Translating requirements into style guides, design systems, design patterns and attractive user interfaces.
Creating user-centered designs by understanding business requirements, and user feedback

The Team

Deloitte's Government & Public Services practice-our people, ideas, technology and outcomes-is designed for impact. Our team of over 15,000+ professionals bring fresh perspective to help you anticipate disruption, reimagine the possible, and fulfill your mission promise.

The US Systems Engineering Offering delivers large scale software applications and integrated systems and assists its clients with architecture design, assessment and optimization, and definition. The practice aims at developing service-oriented architecture (SOA) and other integration solutions to enable information sharing and management between business partners and disparate processes and systems. It would focus on key client issues that impact the core business by delivering operational value, driving down the cost of quality, and enhancing technology innovation.

Qualifications

Required :

BA/BS or MA/MS degree
Must be legally authorized to work in the United States without the need for employer sponsorship, now or at any time in the future
Active Secret security clearance required
3 to 10 years of experience with front end development

For individuals assigned and/or hired to work in Colorado, Deloitte is required by law to include a reasonable estimate of the compensation range for this role. This compensation range is specific to Colorado and takes into account the wide range of factors that are considered in making compensation decisions including but not limited to skill sets; experience and training; licensure and certifications; and other business and organizational needs. At Deloitte, it is not typical for an individual to be hired at or near the top of the range for their role and compensation decisions are dependent on the facts and circumstances of each case. A reasonable estimate of the current range is $97,875 to $163,125.

You may also be eligible to participate in a discretionary annual incentive program, subject to the rules governing the program, whereby an award, if any, depends on various factors, including, without limitation, individual and organizational performance.

Information for applicants with a need for accommodation: https://www2.deloitte.com/us/en/pages/careers/articles/join-deloitte-assistance-for-disabled-applicants.html

Visible links

https://www2.deloitte.com/us/en/pages/careers/articles/join-deloitte-assistance-for-disabled-applicants.html