About the job
This job is sourced from a job board. Learn More
Position- React JS Developer

Duration-Contract

Location- Sunrise, FL

JD

"" Need candidates who have at least 8+ years of experience in React and open-source technologies.

" Strong experience in the areas of Java 8, React JS, RDBMS, Spring Boot, Agile experience, Architecture & design understanding.

" Collaborate with product managers, designers, and other developers to create user-friendly and innovative web applications.

" Lead the development of front-end applications using React.js. - Ensure the maintainability, scalability, and quality of code.

" Follow and enforce best practices for front-end development.

" Strong experience in the areas of React JS, JavaScript, Agile experience, Architecture & design understanding.

" Hands-on experience using project management tools such as Jira and Rally to plan, track, and report on project progress effectively.

" Knowledge of Credit Card servicing and fraud systems knowledge/experience enabling seamless integration and alignment of project goals with organizational objectives

Digital : React Native, Digital : ReactJS

6-8 Years of experience

Regards,

Pallavi Verma

Sr. Technical Recruiter | Syntricate Technologies Inc.

Direct : (phone number removed) |

Email : | Web:

We're hiring! connect with us on and visit our

Minority Business Enterprise (MBE) Certified | E-Verified Corporation | Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) Employer

This e-mail message may contain confidential or legally privileged information and is intended only for the use of the intended recipient(s). Any unauthorized disclosure, dissemination, distribution, copying or the taking of any action in reliance on the information herein is prohibited. Please notify the sender immediately by email if you have received this email by mistake and delete this e-mail from your system. You have received this email as we have your email address shared by you or from one of our data sources or from our member(s) or subscriber(s) list. If you do not want to receive any further emails or updates, please reply and request to .