About the job
Description

We are offering a contract employment opportunity for an experienced Graphic Designer. This role is based in Sacramento, California, and is a remote position. As a Graphic Designer, you will primarily be involved in the creation and updating of client materials, working under strict timelines, and utilizing your knowledge in Microsoft Publisher and PowerPoint.

Responsibilities:

 Collaborate with the Communications team to develop and update client materials such as benefit guides, newsletters, postcards, posters, PowerPoints, and more using pre-designed templates in Microsoft Publisher.
 Work under tight deadlines to deliver high-quality work during the company's busiest periods.
 Leverage your design skills and understanding of engaging material creation.
 Utilize Microsoft Publisher and PowerPoint to the fullest extent to deliver on job requirements.
 Edit websites and demonstrate a basic understanding of HTML.
 Set up materials for printing.
 Learn new programs quickly and efficiently, demonstrating a strong acumen for technology.
 Maintain a collaborative, friendly, and team-player attitude while delivering top-notch customer service.
 Work comfortably on a PC and adapt to the 100% remote work environment.
 Update content in text files and occasionally photoshop digital assets on behalf of the Communications team.
 Use your knowledge of the employee benefits industry to enhance the quality of work delivered, although this is not a requirement.


Requirements

 Applicants must have a minimum of 2 years of experience as a Graphic Designer or in a related role.
 Proficiency in Cross-Platform development is necessary.
 Proficient in using Microsoft PowerPoint for presentations and reports.
 Experience with Microsites is required.
 Knowledge and experience in using Microsoft Publisher is essential.
 Candidates should possess strong problem-solving skills and the ability to work independently.
 Exceptional communication and teamwork skills are a must.
 Applicants should be familiar with web standards and web browser capabilities and have the ability to convert design into HTML and CSS.
 Knowledge of modern JavaScript, libraries and tooling is required.
 Candidates should display a strong understanding of the entire web development process, including design, development, and deployment.
 Familiarity with software like Adobe Suite, Photoshop, and content management systems is beneficial.
 An understanding of layout aesthetics and SEO principles is necessary.
 Applicants should have an ability to perform well in a fast-paced environment and bring in optimal flow for rapidly changing design/technology.


Technology Doesn't Change the World, People Do.®

Robert Half is the world’s first and largest specialized talent solutions firm that connects highly qualified job seekers to opportunities at great companies. We offer contract, temporary and permanent placement solutions for finance and accounting, technology, marketing and creative, legal, and administrative and customer support roles.

Robert Half works to put you in the best position to succeed. We provide access to top jobs, competitive compensation and benefits, and free online training. Stay on top of every opportunity - whenever you choose - even on the go.

All applicants applying for U.S. job openings must be legally authorized to work in the United States. Benefits are available to contract/temporary professionals, including medical, vision, dental, and life and disability insurance. Hired contract/temporary professionals are also eligible to enroll in our company 401(k) plan. Visit

© 2024 Robert Half. An Equal Opportunity Employer. M/F/Disability/Veterans. By clicking “Apply Now,” you’re agreeing to