About the job
About Our Company

We are a young and energetic software company, currently seeking to grow our amazing team! In this position, you will have the opportunity to influence and help the continued development of an innovative Software-as-a-Service product that is aiming to revolutionize the way quality is measured in the institutions of higher education here in the US and abroad. This opportunity will provide you with unique and rewarding experiences by joining a rapidly growing higher education enterprise software product development team with global outreach and strong innovative implications. For more information, visit www.aefis.com

DOES THIS SOUND LIKE YOU?

You are passionate about creating great user experiences. You want to play a critical role in a fast-growing technology company. You are self-motivated, willing to play a key role in the user interface of the application and company growth. You are smart, have experience in UI development and open to learn new technologies. You are confident in your verbal and written communication skills and have a good understanding of usability and design concepts.

SO WHAT CAN I EXPECT FROM THE JOB?

Responsibilities

Develop a great user interface based on product requirements
Create high-quality, high-performance source code
Ensure usability, use of good design elements and consistency in the user experience
Work within deadlines to produce successful end results
Work together with back-end developers and other IT professionals to complete requirements
Maintain and improve existing code as necessary
Take part in all SDLC processes as part of the team
Complete unit testing of the implementation and write unit tests as necessary
Help support engineers to perform troubleshooting and debugging
Create necessary technical documentation

Qualifications

Experience working as a UI developer using React web framework
Solid experience in designing and building highly usable UI
Strong knowledge of Javascript/ES6
Experience with additional programming languages a plus
Bachelor’s Degree or Higher
Ability to work well in a team environment and with deadlines
Exceptional organizational and multitasking skills
Articulate written and verbal communication skills

As a member of our team, you will be creating high-quality user experiences. We are looking for someone who is curious, clever, and interested in continuous learning and adopting new technologies while implementing the functional requirements at hand.

Please include a cover letter and resume.**