About the job
Responsibilities

A client with Kforce is seeking a Senior Web Developer to join their team remotely. The manager is seeking resources that are in CST/EST Time Zones only. This is an advanced professional role. Responsibilities:

 Senior Web Developer will work to plan, develop, and deploy E-commerce websites including designing web architecture, code writing, and ensuring site functionality in a twenty-four hour, seven days a week environment
 May lead large development projects requiring in-depth knowledge of complex web-based programming languages
 Responsible for maintaining technical documentation necessary to deliver E-commerce purchasing options to customers
 Coaches and mentor's more junior technical staff
 Analyzes, designs, programs, debugs and modifies software enhancements and/or new products used in local, networked or Internet-related computer programs
 Interacts with product managers and/or users to define system requirements and/or necessary modifications
 Participates in software design meetings and analyzes user needs to determine technical requirements
 As a Senior Web Developer, you will write technical specifications based on conceptual design and stated business requirements
 Writes code, completes programming and performs testing and debugging of applications using current programming languages and technologies
 Completes documentation and procedures for installation and maintenance
 Other related duties assigned as needed

Requirements

 Bachelor's degree in Computer Engineering, Computer Science or other related discipline or the equivalent combination of education, training, or work experience
 Typically requires seven or more years of software engineering work experience; Knowledge of financial services industry is a plus
 Knowledge of end-to-end systems development life cycles, e.g., waterfall, iterative and other modern approaches to software development
 In-depth understanding of design patterns and their application
 Fluency in developing and understanding sequence diagrams, class models, etc.
 Proficiency in solutions design and requirements definition disciplines leveraging model driven design-based tools and techniques including conceptual solution component models, business process models, use cases, etc.
 Excellent verbal and written communication skills
 Excellent analytical, decision-making, problem-solving, team and time management skills
 Positive outlook, strong work ethic, and responsive to internal and external clients and contacts
 Must be highly skilled with extensive proficiency
 Ability to estimate work effort for project sub-plans or small projects and ensure the project is successfully completed

The pay range is the lowest to highest compensation we reasonably in good faith believe we would pay at posting for this role. We may ultimately pay more or less than this range. Employee pay is based on factors like relevant education, qualifications, certifications, experience, skills, seniority, location, performance, union contract and business needs. This range may be modified in the future.

We offer comprehensive benefits including medical/dental/vision insurance, HSA, FSA, 401(k), and life, disability & ADD insurance to eligible employees. Salaried personnel receive paid time off. Hourly employees are not eligible for paid time off unless required by law. Hourly employees on a Service Contract Act project are eligible for paid sick leave.

Note: Pay is not considered compensation until it is earned, vested and determinable. The amount and availability of any compensation remains in Kforce's sole discretion unless and until paid and may be modified in its discretion consistent with the law.

This job is not eligible for bonuses, incentives or commissions.

Kforce is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.