About the job
Job Title:

UI Developer + Umbraco

Job Description

We create game-changing solutions across the enterprise, that help brands grow across the world and into the future. We are trusted by clients across all major sectors, from up-and-coming success stories to iconic Fortune Global 500 brands in over 70 countries spanning 6 continents.

Our game-changers:

 Challenge Conventions
 Deliver outcomes unimagined
 Create experiences that go beyond WOW

If this is you, we would love to discuss career opportunities with you.

In our Concentrix Catalyst team, you will work with the engine that powers the experience design and engineering capabilities at Concentrix. A leading global solutions company that reimagines everything CX through strategy, talent, and technology. We combine human-centered design, powerful data, and strong tech to accelerate CX transformation at scale. You will be surrounded by the best in the world providing market leading technology and insights to modernize and simplify the customer experience. Within our professional services team, you will deliver strategic consulting, design, advisory services, market research, and contact center analytics that deliver insights to improve outcomes and value for our clients. Hence achieving our vision.

Concentrix provides eligible employees with an opportunity to enroll in many benefit programs, generally including private medical plans, great compensation package, retirement savings plans, paid learning days, and flexible workplaces. Specific benefits plans will vary by country/region.

We’re a remote-first company looking for the absolute best talent in the world. Experience the power of a game-changing career.

Summary: The React developer will be responsible for developing and implementing highly-responsive user interface components for web and mobile applications using React. An ideal candidate, you have strong proficiency in JavaScript, HTML, CSS, and have proven experience creating data visualization tools, monitoring user interactions, and optimizing components to work seamlessly across different browsers and devices. This role is remote either in the US or Mexico. You will be working Monday - Friday supporting the CST time zone.

Responsibilities:

Create and maintain user interfaces for web applications and websites

Develop responsive interactive technology for dynamic web pages such as menu buttons, online forms, etc.

Test and troubleshoot interface software

Construct visualizations that are able to depict vast amounts of data

Collaborate with other developer teams to discuss user interface applications and ideas

Qualifications:

Bachelor's degree in computer science, information technology, or related field

3+ years of experience in software development

Strong proficiency in JavaScript, HTML, and CSS

Extensive knowledge of ReactJS, JSX, data structures, and algorithms

Project management skills and time management

Experience with Umbraco

Team player with excellent verbal and written English

Ability to understand business requirements and translate them into technical requirements

#ConcentrixCatalyst

Location:

USA, NE, Work-at-Home

Language Requirements:

Time Type:

Physical & Mental Requirements: While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to operate a computer, keyboard, telephone, headset, and other office equipment. Work is generally sedentary in nature.

If you are a California resident, by submitting your information, you acknowledge that you have read and have access to the Job Applicant Privacy Notice for California Residents

Concentrix is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer including Disabled/Vets.

For more information regarding your EEO rights as an applicant, please visit the following websites:

English
Spanish

To request a reasonable accommodation please click here.

If you wish to review the Affirmative Action Plan, please click here.

R1516681