About the job
Equal Opportunity Employer

The State of California is an equal opportunity employer to all, regardless of age, ancestry, color, disability (mental and physical), exercising the right to family care and medical leave, gender, gender expression, gender identity, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, military or veteran status, national origin, political affiliation, race, religious creed, sex (includes pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding and related medical conditions), and sexual orientation.

It is an objective of the State of California to achieve a drug-free work place. Any applicant for state employment will be expected to behave in accordance with this objective because the use of illegal drugs is inconsistent with the law of the State, the rules governing Civil Service, and the special trust placed in public servants.

Position Details

Job Code #:

JC-445426

Position #(s):

275-811-1402-099

Working Title:

 Web and Application Developer 

Classification:

INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SPECIALIST I

$6,323.00 - $8,475.00 A

$6,954.00 - $9,319.00 B

$7,635.00 - $10,230.00 C

# of Positions:

1

Work Location:

Sacramento County

Telework:

Hybrid

Job Type:

Permanent, Full Time

Department Information

The California Public Employees’ Retirement System (CalPERS) is the nation’s largest public pension fund, providing retirement and health benefits to public employees, retirees, and their families. Headquartered in downtown Sacramento, we are a destination employer with an international reputation for leadership and innovation. At CalPERS, we’re committed to people – the people we serve, our team members, and the larger community around us. CalPERS is situated near the Napa Valley, San Francisco, Lake Tahoe, and other desirable destinations, and we offer competitive benefit packages, compensation, and opportunities for advancement.

If you are interested in becoming part of a diverse and inclusive workforce where talent, experience, and expertise are valued, CalPERS invites you to apply for this employment opportunity. To find out more about our Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion efforts, visit our website !

To take a look at CalPERS as a destination employer, view this YouTube video .

Job Description And Duties

Anticipated Interview Dates:  Virtual interviews are anticipated to begin the week of September 16th, 2024.

Telework Information: This position is eligible for a hybrid work schedule, with up to two days of remote work and three days or more onsite, per week.

Our Web Site Services (WSS) Unit is currently seeking an Information Technology Specialist I to join our web development team as a Web & Application Developer. WSS provides web development & support services for custom and commercial off the shelf applications, mobile, responsive websites and web applications. As a developer in WSS you will have an opportunity to participate in developing all facets of web architecture (front end, back end, databases, and interfaces) using an Agile development lifecycle. If you excel at balancing both short and long term projects simultaneously and can work collaboratively and independently, then this job is for you.

How did you hear about this position? Tell us in this brief survey .

You will find additional information about the job in the  Duty Statement .

Special Requirements

Statement of Qualifications 

Please provide a Statement of Qualifications (SOQ) for the hiring manager’s review. Applications received without an SOQ or those that do not respond to the specific questions below  will not  be considered.

The SOQ must be typed, titled “Statement of Qualifications,” and each response must be numbered and list all relevant experience, education, and training, including places of employment, dates, and duties performed. The SOQ must not exceed two pages in length and must not have font smaller than 11 point.

Describe your experience, applicable education, and/or training that make you a strong candidate, based upon the essential functions outlined in the duty statement and the desirable qualifications. 
Review the Desirable Qualifications in the job posting. Provide concise information/examples to demonstrate which of these qualifications you see as your areas of strength.

Minimum Qualifications 

All experience and education relating to the Minimum Qualifications (MQs) listed on the Classification Specification should be included in your application package to clearly demonstrate how you meet the MQs for this position. If you are using education to meet MQs, please include your transcripts with your application package. If you have a degree from outside of the United States, you must submit an evaluation of this degree to determine the US equivalency. If you need an evaluation, you can visit the National Association of Credential Evaluation Services (NACES) website to find organizations that provide these services. The Classification Specification is located on this Job Posting under "Minimum Requirements."

Please Note: You may need to pass an examination to establish list eligibility prior to a final offer of employment. To find and take an exam, visit CalHR’s CalCareers website .

Application Instructions

Completed applications and all required documents must be received or postmarked by the Final Filing Date in order to be considered. Dates printed on Mobile Bar Codes, such as the Quick Response (QR) Codes available at the USPS, are not considered Postmark dates for the purpose of determining timely filing of an application.

Final Filing Date: 8/22/2024

Who May Apply

Individuals who are currently in the classification, eligible for lateral transfer, eligible for reinstatement, have list or LEAP eligibility, are in the process of obtaining list eligibility, or have SROA and/or Surplus eligibility (please attach your letter, if available). SROA and Surplus candidates are given priority; therefore, individuals with other eligibility may be considered in the event no SROA or Surplus candidates apply. Individuals who are eligible for a Training and Development assignment may also be considered for this position(s).

Applications will be screened and only the most qualified applicants will be selected to move forward in the selection process. Applicants must meet the Minimum Qualifications stated in the Classification Specification(s).

How To Apply

Complete Application Packages (including Your Examination/Employment Application (STD 678) And Applicable Or Required Documents) Must Be Submitted To Apply For This Job Posting. Application Packages May Be Submitted Electronically Through Your CalCareer Account At Www.CalCareers.ca.gov. When Submitting Your Application In Hard Copy, a Completed Copy Of The Application Package Listing Must Be Included. If You Choose To Not Apply Electronically, a Hard Copy Application Package May Be Submitted Through An Alternative Method Listed Below:

Address for Mailing Application Packages

You may submit your application and any applicable or required documents to:

Public Employees Retirement System

Attn: JC-445426/BT

Human Resources Division, Recruitment

P. O. Box 942718

Sacramento , CA 94229-2718

Address for Drop-Off Application Packages

You may drop off your application and any applicable or required documents at:

Public Employees Retirement System

HRSD, SSU JC-445426/BT

400 Q Street, Lincoln Plaza North

1st floor drop box by security desk

Sacramento , CA 95811

08:00 AM - 05:00 PM

Required Application Package Documents

The Following Items Are Required To Be Submitted With Your Application. Applicants Who Do Not Submit The Required Items Timely May Not Be Considered For This Job:

Current version of the State Examination/Employment Application STD Form 678 (when not applying electronically), or the Electronic State Employment Application through your Applicant Account at www.CalCareers.ca.gov. All Experience and Education relating to the Minimum Qualifications listed on the Classification Specification should be included to demonstrate how you meet the Minimum Qualifications for the position.
Resume is optional. It may be included, but is not required.
Statement of Qualifications - In addition to completing your online job application, you must provide a Statement of Qualifications (SOQ) for the hiring manager’s review. Please see the Special Requirements section for instructions and questions for the SOQ. Applications received without an SOQ will not be considered.

Applicants requiring reasonable accommodations for the hiring interview process must request the necessary accommodations if scheduled for a hiring interview. The request should be made at the time of contact to schedule the interview. Questions regarding reasonable accommodations may be directed to the EEO contact listed on this job posting.