About the job
Who We Are

Elliott Davis pairs forward-thinking tax, assurance and consulting services with industry-leading workplace culture. Our nine offices — located in the fastest growing cities in the US — are built on a foundation of inclusivity, collaboration, and collective growth. We work daily to provide exceptional service to our people, customers, and our communities.

Web Developer

The Web Developer is responsible for full-stack development and maintenance of the Elliott Davis customer-facing website. This includes designing new microsites and landing pages and updating existing website functionality and content. The Web Developer reports to the Director of Marketing and drives the online presentation of the Elliott Davis brand, displaying aesthetically pleasing, effective, and consistent content. This person oversees website performance and functionality, versioning, and releases and is responsible for overall site security and ongoing maintenance, working closely with IT and external web server support when necessary.

Responsibilities

Produce, maintain and modify the Elliott Davis website and user interfaces.
Write clean, efficient, and maintainable code following best practices and coding standards, as needed, with programming languages such as HTML, CSS and JavaScript.
Support the maintenance and optimization of existing web applications or make recommendations for upgrades/updates.
Incorporate new applications, graphics, audio and video clips into website.
Ensure the site aligns with the Elliott Davis brand guidelines and visual identity.
Create tools that enhance the user’s website experience.
Ensure websites are accessible across many platforms, including laptops and smartphones.
Perform routine testing of website for ease of use, speed and other quality factors and debugging to ensure the quality and reliability of web applications.
Implement marketing campaigns, promotions, and new features on the website, using already-applied tools, such as HubSpot Marketing Hub, HubSpot Sales Hub, and other web applications
Monitor site metrics, making necessary improvements based on performance insights.
Keep up-to-date with the latest web technologies and trends, and share knowledge with the team.
Collaborate closely with cross-functional teams, including designers, marketing, sales and growth strategists to ensure a seamless user experience.

Requirements

Minimum five years’ experience in web application development
Proficiency in HTML, CSS, JavaScript
Basic understanding of responsive design principles and cross-browser compatibility
WebFlow CMS experience preferred
Experience with key digital marketing and analytics tools including Facebook Business Suite (Ads Manager), Google (Analytics, Merchant Center, Cloud), HubSpot Sales and Marketing Hubs, and other user experience tools.
Familiarity with web performance optimization, SEO best practices, and responsive design principles
Strong problem-solving and clear communication/collaboration skills
Ability to work autonomously or in a team and to troubleshoot complex IT issues
Experience or comfort in liaising with vendors or third-party service providers
Ability to learn quickly and adapt to new technologies and frameworks

WHY YOU SHOULD JOIN US

We believe that when our employees are able to thrive in all facets of life, their work and impact are that much greater.

That's Right – All Aspects Of Life, Not Just Your Life As An Employee, Because We Understand That There's Life Beyond Your Job. Here Are Some Of The Ways Our Work Works For Your Life, Your Growth, And Your Well-being

 generous time away and paid firm holidays, including the week between Christmas and New Year’s
 flexible work schedules
 16 weeks of paid maternity and adoption leave, 8 weeks of paid parental leave, 4 weeks of paid and caregiver leave (once eligible)
 first-class health and wellness benefits, including wellness coaching and mental health counseling
 one-on-one professional coaching
 Leadership and career development programs
 access to Beyond: a one-of-a kind program with experiences that help you expand your life, personally and professionally

NOTICE TO 3RD PARTY RECRUITERS

Notice to Recruiters and Agencies regarding unsolicited resumes or candidate submissions without prior express written approval. Resumes submitted or candidates referred to any employee of Elliott Davis by any external recruiter or recruitment agency by any means (including but not limited to via Internet, e-mail, fax, U.S. mail, and/or verbal communications) without a properly executed written contract for a specified position by an authorized member of the Talent Acquisition team become the property of Elliott Davis. Elliott Davis will not be responsible for, or owe any fees associated with, referrals of those candidates and/or for submission of any information, including resumes, associated with individuals.

Ada Requirements

The physical and cognitive/mental requirements and the work environment characteristics described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

Physical Requirements

While performing the duties of this job, the employee is:

 Regularly required to remain in a stationary position; use hands repetitively to operate standard office equipment; and to talk or hear, both in person and by telephone
 Required to have specific vision abilities which include close vision, distance vision, color vision, peripheral vision, depth perception, and the ability to adjust focus

Cognitive/Mental Requirements

While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to:

 Use written and oral communication skills.
 Read and interpret data, information, and documents.
 Observe and interpret situations.
 Work under deadlines with frequent interruptions; and
 Interact with internal and external customers and others in the course of work.