About the job
Delaware Nation Industries (DNI)/Creative IT Solutions is currently looking for a UI/UX to join our team located at Tinker AFB in OKC. This team oversees support of the CAMS-FM/G081 application including software development, security, and maintenance. This application provides maintenance, logistics, and aircraft status for the entire mobility fleet.

This position is Monday through Friday, 40-hour work week and DNI contributes 100% to employee benefits offering BCBS PPO, vision, dental, matching 401K, short- and long-term disability, and life insurance. 
 Clearance/Certifications:
Must have or be able to obtain a Secret Security Clearance
Bachelors degree or equivalent years of experience

Desired Skills and Experience:
HTML
CSS
Bootstrap
JavaScript
 Essential Functions:
Take all of the existing screens that users have, and figure out a way to combine some of the functionality from multiple screens into single screens. As new screens are developed, this person will be involved with the design
Excellent communication skills to effectively collaborate with developers, stakeholders, and other team members.
Strong attention to detail to ensure high-quality designs and user experiences.
Proven experience as a UI/UX designer with a strong portfolio showcasing previous design projects and user-centered designs.
Strong understanding of design principles, including color theory, typography, and layout
Collaborate with developers, product managers, and other stakeholders to ensure designs are feasible and aligned with project goals.
Develop and maintain design systems, style guides, and UI pattern libraries to ensure consistency across products

AAP/EEO Statement:
DNI complies with all federal, state and local laws designed to protect employees and job applicants from discrimination based on race, religion, color, sex, parental status, national origin, age, disability, genetic information, military service, or other non-merit-based factors.

Other Duties:
Please note this job description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties or responsibilities that are required of the employee for this job. Duties, responsibilities and activities may change at any time with or without notice.