About the job
You Lead the Way. We’ve Got Your Back.

You Lead the Way. We’ve Got Your Back

With the right backing, people and businesses have the power to progress in incredible ways. When you join Team Amex, you become part of a global and diverse community of colleagues with an unwavering commitment to back our customers, communities, and each other. Here, you’ll learn and grow as we help you create a career journey that’s unique and meaningful to you with benefits, programs, and flexibility that support you personally and professionally.

Join Team Amex and let's lead the way together.

At American Express, you’ll be recognized for your contributions, leadership, and impact—every colleague has the opportunity to share in the company’s success. Together, we’ll win as a team, striving to uphold our company values and powerful backing promise to provide the world’s best customer experience every day. And we’ll do it with the utmost integrity, and in an environment where everyone is seen, heard and feels like they belong.

Join Team Amex and let's lead the way together.

As part of our diverse tech team, you can architect, code and ship software that makes us an essential part of our customers’ digital lives. Here, you can work alongside talented engineers in an open, supportive, inclusive environment where your voice is valued, and you make your own decisions on what tech to use to solve challenging problems. American Express offers a range of opportunities to work with the latest technologies and encourages you to back the broader engineering community through open source. And because we understand the importance of keeping your skills fresh and relevant, we give you dedicated time to invest in The U.S. Consumer Services and Enterprise Digital & Data Technology Team which brings together foundational strategic technology capabilities in digital experience engineering (Mobile and Web), AI/ML, marketing technology, enterprise communications, travel and lifestyle, and automation, grounded in our data technology model that prioritizes data governance. It employs a ground-breaking focus with development responsibilities for customer-facing capabilities that deepen and expand digital engagement, as well as core technical capabilities that cut across business lines and customer segments.

The Frontend Engineer, American Express Web Engineering will be an individual contributor who may ensure optimal design/architecture of the web components that power our digital experiences which are crucial for our customers as we strive to be essential to their everyday lives. Continuing to drive innovation and delivery in digital channels is a key part of the strategy for continuing to delight customers.

Our Software Engineers not only understand how technology works, but how that technology intersects with the people who count on it every day. Today, innovative ideas, insight and new perspectives are at the core of how we create a more powerful, personal and fulfilling experience for all our customers. So if you’re interested in a career creating breakthrough software and making an impact on an audience of millions, look no further for your professional development. Find your place in technology on #TeamAmex.

Responsibilities:

 Performs hands-on architecture, design, and development of systems
 Identifying opportunities for adopting new technologies
 Work with Staff Engineer to define solution requirements and technical implementation approach
 Drive both high-level and detailed technical designs and conduct design reviews as needed
 Actively participate in team and company-wide architecture and engineering discussions and forums
 Analyze, design, program, debug, and modify software for use in local, networked, cloud-based or Internet-related environments
 Responsible for health and quality of the code across the portfolio, including leadership over SCM, functional testing, and CI/CD tool integration
 Stay up to date on emerging technologies and practices in nodejs, npm, front end frameworks.

Qualifications:

 5+ Years of experience with React, JavaScript Frameworks, HTML5, CSS3
 3+ years of experience with REACT/Redux preferred
 3+ Expertise with bundlers with webpack, rollup preferred.
 3+ Expertise with package managers like npm, yarn preferred.
 3+ Expertise with integrating RESTful APIs
 Any Experience with graphQL is a plus.
 3+ years of experience with JSON, Web Service technologies, and fundamentals
 2+ years' experience with performance tuning of SPA
 Optimize code for performance to ensure faster loading time and smooth user experiences
 Experience in Debugging, Trace and fixing End to End issues.
 Experience with WAI-ARIA (Web Accessibility Initiative) and WCAG (Web Content Accessibility Guidelines) is a plus.
 Knowledge of SEO principles

Salary Range: $110,000.00 to $190,000.00 annually + bonus + benefits

The above represents the expected salary range for this job requisition. Ultimately, in determining your pay, we’ll consider your location, experience, and other job-related factors.

We back our colleagues and their loved ones with benefits and programs that support their holistic well-being. That means we prioritize their physical, financial, and mental health through each stage of life. Benefits include:

Competitive base salaries 
Bonus incentives 
6% Company Match on retirement savings plan 
Free financial coaching and financial well-being support 
Comprehensive medical, dental, vision, life insurance, and disability benefits 
Flexible working model with hybrid, onsite or virtual arrangements depending on role and business need 
20+ weeks paid parental leave for all parents, regardless of gender, offered for pregnancy, adoption or surrogacy 
Free access to global on-site wellness centers staffed with nurses and doctors (depending on location) 
Free and confidential counseling support through our Healthy Minds program 
Career development and training opportunities

For a full list of Team Amex benefits, visit our Colleague Benefits Site.

American Express is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran status, disability status, age, or any other status protected by law.

We back our colleagues with the support they need to thrive, professionally and personally. That's why we have Amex Flex, our enterprise working model that provides greater flexibility to colleagues while ensuring we preserve the important aspects of our unique in-person culture. Depending on role and business needs, colleagues will either work onsite, in a hybrid model (combination of in-office and virtual days) or fully virtually.

US Job Seekers/Employees - Click here to view the “Know Your Rights” poster and the Pay Transparency Policy Statement.

If the links do not work, please copy and paste the following URLs in a new browser window: https://www.dol.gov/agencies/ofccp/posters to access the three posters.

Employment eligibility to work with American Express in the U.S. is required as the company will not pursue visa sponsorship for these positions.