About the job
About Us

Endpoint is an interactive response technology (IRT®) systems and solutions provider that supports the life sciences industry. Since 2009, we have been working with a single vision in mind, to help sponsors and pharmaceutical companies achieve clinical trial success. Our solutions, realized through the proprietary PULSE® platform, have proven to maximize the supply chain, minimize operational costs, and ensure timely and accurate patient dosing. Endpoint is headquartered in Wakefield, Massachusetts with offices across the United States, Europe, and Asia.

Position Overview

The Senior Software Developer, Product is responsible for designing/implementing product features, resolving product defects, and innovating elegant solutions to solve complex, industry-specific challenges. The position requires a highly self-motivated individual who enjoys collaborative work. The position allows for opportunities to lead and architect SaaS-driven software solutions to deliver integrated mobile and web-based applications.

This job can be remotely based

Responsibilities

Work with Product Managers and other engineers to refine and validate product requirements, provide estimates of required efforts, and convert product requirements to optimal software solutions.
Provide technical leadership and promote best practices of software design and coding.
Perform design review, peer code review, test plan review, and provide input on design, approach, techniques, test coverage, etc.
Design, code, unit test, and test software applications and fix defects.
Assist with production issue investigation.
Assist with documentation of technical design and implementation.
May serve as technical lead of a group of engineers and oversee and coordinate development tasks of the group.
Perform other related duties as required.

Education

Degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering or equivalent and/or appropriate experience

Experience

8+ years’ experience with system design and development of web and mobile applications.
Deep understanding of design patterns and programming principles.
Strong expertise in HTML/CSS/JavaScript, JavaScript libraries and frameworks such as React/Angular/Vue, and other web and mobile technologies.
React/Next is strongly preferred.
UI/UX design and Dev Lead experience is preferred.
Prior experience in eClinical domain, life sciences, or highly regulated industries is strongly preferred.

Skills

Excellent problem-solving and decision-making skills, and fast learning capability
Ability to thrive in a fast-paced and rapidly changing environment
Strong oral and written communication skills
Excellent organizational and time management skills
Highly focused, creative, industrious, and passionate

$100,000 - $140,000 a year

Benefits

All job offers will be based on a candidate’s location, skills and prior relevant experience, applicable degrees/certifications, as well as internal equity and market data. Regular, full-time or part-time employees working 30 or more hours per week are eligible for comprehensive benefits including: Medical, Dental, Vision, Life, STD/LTD, 401(K), Paid time off (PTO) or Flexible time off (FTO), and Company bonus where applicable.

Endpoint Clinical does not accept unsolicited resumes from search firms or any other third parties. Any unsolicited resume sent to Endpoint Clinical will be considered Endpoint Clinical property, and Endpoint Clinical will not pay a fee should it hire the subject of any unsolicited resume.

Endpoint Clinical is an equal opportunities employer AA/M/F/Veteran/Disability. 

Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment, qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.