About the job
Client - Tmobile

Location: Remote

JD

Primary responsibility to implement a complete user interface by creating modules and components and coupling them into a highly functional app, with a strong focus on performance. Developer will work in a team collaborating with other front-end and back-end developers and communicate with the API using standard methods. As a Front-End Developer Posses deep working and implementation knowledge of Angular practices based on experience. Developing self-contained, reusable, and testable modules and components Ability to ensure a clear dependency chain, regarding app logic and file system. Validating user actions on the client-side and provide responsive feedback. Creating custom, general use modules, and components that extend the elements and modules of the core Angular app. Experience with building the infrastructure for serving the front-end app and assets. Architecting and automating the build process for production, using task runners or scripts. Creating e2e test suites for all components and running them on end-to-end test framework for Angular and AngularJS applications Primary responsibility to implement a complete user interface by creating modules and components and coupling them into a highly functional app, with a strong focus on performance. Developer will work in a team collaborating with other front-end and back-end developers and communicate with the API using standard methods. As a Front-End Developer Posses deep working and implementation knowledge of Angular practices based on experience. Developing self-contained, reusable, and testable modules and components Ability to ensure a clear dependency chain, regarding app logic and file system. Validating user actions on the client-side and provide responsive feedback. Creating custom, general use modules, and components that extend the elements and modules of the core Angular app. Experience with building the infrastructure for serving the front-end app and assets. Architecting and automating the build process for production, using task runners or scripts. Creating e2e test suites for all components, and running them on end-to-end test framework for Angular and AngularJS applications