About the job
Our client in Basking Ridge NJ is looking for a Project Manager AI/ML

Job Title: Project Manager AI/ML

Location: Hybrid (Basking Ridge, Ashburn VA, Irving, Texas, Boston, Mass)

Address:Basking Ridge NJ 07920

Job Description

The Project Manager will be the AI&Data lead supporting the Network enablement organization’s clients. The Project Manager will be the central coordination point across all AI&Data development partners. The Project Manager will help drive requirements definition, scope / impact assessment and delivery execution. The Project Manager will influence and partner with business and technology stakeholders across the organization to build consensus, develop a technology solution and implementation timeline.

Facilitate the intake, organization, and prioritization of projects and Use Cases Drive the development and application of new technologies focused on AI and Big Data Lead cross-functional initiatives, develop action plans, establish milestones, and provide status updates 
Manage and communicate key timelines and deliverables to execute on strategic initiatives Stand up Ad-hoc Work Groups (AWGs) and Proofs of Concepts for new Big Data AI initiatives Lead requirements session, Core team grooming, Scope and impact assessment, 
Story point estimation, and sprint planning, if applicable Develop and communicate project schedules. Define and coordinate resources needed from across AI&D to enable effective execution of goals Analyze and manage project risk. 
Develop risk mitigation plan Define and manage development roadmap in line with strategic vision. Clear communication up and down the organization on project status. Identify opportunities to accelerate value capture within the Transformation program. 
Develop action plans, secure owners, and identify mechanisms to validate value capture. Support annual and multi-year capital planning and strategy. 
Communicate effectively verbally, visually and quantitatively Experience 


What’s Needed?

Bachelor's Degree in Engineering, Computer Science or other Technical Discipline 5+ years in a Technical Project Management role Demonstrated experience leading medium to large scale complex technology projects. Agile, SAFe, Scrum Familiar with Network Cellular Technologies Comprehensive understanding of how field organizations operate, a plus. 


Preferred Requirements

AI / ML experience preferred Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Strong product development capabilities in an enterprise or cross-functional role Delivery capability in technology Familiarity with project management tools (e.g. Jira, Rally, Clarity, Quickbase, Smartsheets) 


If this is a role that interests you and you’d like to learn more, click apply now and a recruiter will be in touch with you to discuss this great opportunity. We look forward to speaking with you!

About ManpowerGroup, Parent Company of:Manpower, Experis, Talent Solutions, and Jefferson Wells

ManpowerGroup® (NYSE: MAN), the leading global workforce solutions company, helps organizations transform in a fast-changing world of work by sourcing, assessing, developing, and managing the talent that enables them to win. We develop innovative solutions for hundreds of thousands of organizations every year, providing them with skilled talent while finding meaningful, sustainable employment for millions of people across a wide range of industries and skills. Our expert family of brands –  Manpower, Experis, Talent Solutions, and Jefferson Wells  – creates substantial value for candidates and clients across more than 75 countries and territories and has done so for over 70 years. We are recognized consistently for our diversity - as a best place to work for Women, Inclusion, Equality and Disability and in 2022 ManpowerGroup was named one of the World's Most Ethical Companies for the 13th year - all confirming our position as the brand of choice for in-demand talent.