About the job
About Us: HyerTek is a Washington-based technology company, delivering innovative and customized solutions to federal government clients and commercial enterprises. Our expertise spans data analytics, cloud computing, collaboration, human-centered design, and training.

About Us (Really): Now that the official introduction is out of the way, let's get to the things you care about and want in an employer. We know the phrase "rapidly growing" is overused in the Small Business world, but with us, it's the truth. Founded in 2016, we've climbed our way from a one-man show to being a recognized, reputable name across multiple federal agencies.

What does that mean for you? You'll be joining a company that has the maturity to give you the resources for success, while being small enough that you are able to make significant contributions without having to climb corporate ladders. Furthermore, you'll be under the direction of a leadership team who actually practice what they preach and aren't afraid to get their hands dirty. In other words, no Mystery CEO who is out of touch with the company and its people. You'll have support from the top and extra hands when you need them.

Total Rewards at HyerTek: We care about the wellbeing of our people, and we've curated a competitive benefits package including various medical, dental, and vision plan options based on you and your family's needs. We also offer a 401k plan with up to a 4% employer match. Optional offerings include short and long-term disability benefits, life insurance, and additional coverage options. Our workdays are generally very flexible to help employees take care of themselves (because doctor visits are always in the middle of the day, right?). We also provide 3 weeks of paid time-off plans and 10 paid holidays. Oh, and did we mention our incentive program for achieving professional and technical certifications?

About the role: We are seeking a highly motivated and detail-oriented Web Developer to support our federal client. Our ideal candidate is well versed in web development in the cloud. In this role, you will be involved in the website hosting, administration, and operations related to the client's knowledge management platform.

Position: Web Developer

Location: This is a Remote position, however candidates located in the Washington DC area or East Coast are strongly preferred.

This role is contingent upon contract award

Key Responsibilities

Provide content management templates for content and design updates
Support the migration of content from one service provider to another
Develop webpages, publish content, and resolve malfunctioning content (e.g., broken links)
Provide web content utilization analytics
Write clean, efficient, and scalable code
Diagnose and resolve issues related to website functionality, performance, and integration
Implement best practices in front-end development, accessibility/ADA standards, and performance optimization techniques.

Required Qualifications

5+ years' experience in full-stack web development, with a strong focus on WordPress.
Expertise in multi-site development and strong understanding of web security best practices.
Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal, with the ability to interact effectively with clients.
Have a thorough understanding of website hosting management.
Possess excellent design skills. 
Demonstrated experience researching, analyzing, and implementing strategies to leverage technology to improve the user experience and/or develop new capability

Equal Opportunity Employer

HyerTek is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All employment decisions will be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status, or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law.

Job Posted by ApplicantPro