About the job
At Franklin Templeton, we’re driving our industry forward by developing new and innovative ways to help our clients achieve their investment goals. Our dynamic and diversified firm spans asset management, wealth management, and fintech, offering many ways to help investors make progress toward their goals. Our talented teams working around the globe bring expertise that’s both broad and unique. From our welcoming, inclusive, and flexible culture to our global and diverse business, we offer opportunities not only to help you reach your potential but also to contribute to our clients’ achievements.

Come join us in delivering better outcomes for our clients around the world!

This is a HYBRID position in our Stamford, CT , Boston, MA or NYC office. 

We are unable to offer visa sponsorship/transfer for this position.

What is the FTT – Advisor Digital Solutions Technology Team responsible for?

The FTT – Advisor Digital Solutions Technology team is building solutions to help advisors and wealth management firms run a successful business and scale how they manage their investment models, bringing a new approach to the asset management industry and the go-to-market for FT in building deeper partnerships. This is a fast-paced environment to define and build a product that's truly unique and market-leading.

What is the Front-End Developer responsible for?

Our front-end developer is a highly motivated and technical lead software engineer with solid experience in building technology for a Digital Solutions Technology group. You will partner with product owners, technical leads, engineers, and other teams to develop complex software components and advise developers on coding standards and guidelines, bringing excellent problem solving, communication and teamwork skills, along with agile ways of working, strong business insight, and a continuous learning focus in all that you do.

What are the ongoing responsibilities of a Front-End Developer?

Work with product owner(s) to design and develop software solutions/interfaces to meet business needs and assist in managing the product back-end
Participate in sprint planning, release planning, and prioritization of work on the platform
Hands-on development, data modelling, code quality, static code analysis, unit testing, design and code reviews, continuous integration, release management, performance tuning, and execution
Comprehensive involvement in application lifecycle phases, including DevOps process, release deployments, and support
Design, prototype, and code new software components and applications based on functional specifications across the full stack – services, web and API, infrastructure, and back-end
Coordinate with analyst teams and vendors to execute test plans and provide support during user acceptance testing
Function as a highly-collaborative, team-oriented, and strong consensus builder; demonstrate an ability to partner across groups, regions, and functions
Proactively engage with key stakeholders to understand business processes
Write unit tests to ensure that a high-quality product is delivered
On occasion, be available outside of normal office hours to troubleshoot and resolve critical issues that impact business workflows
Plan and coordinate cross-team activities to complete assignments
Keep abreast of technology and advise senior management on technical implementation
Mentor junior developers and technical staff

What ideal qualifications, skills and experience would help someone to be successful? 

Bachelor’s degree in computer science, Engineering, Mathematics, and/or Information Technology related field
A minimum of 7+ years of progressive software development
Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills with the ability to think quickly and offer alternatives, both independently and within teams
Proven ability to work quickly in a dynamic environment with strong attention to detail and accuracy
Highly motivated and able to work independently
Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal
Previous experience working in Asset Management Industry is a +

What technology skill sets are critical to the success of this role?

Excellent development experience with React/Next/TypeScript/NodeJS is essential
Solid understanding of RESTful web services
Substantial knowledge in building out applications within bi-weekly Agile sprint regiment
Strong knowledge of JIRA, Confluence, Bitbucket, Agile development, and DevOps frameworks
Strong knowledge of AWS platform and services

Franklin Templeton offers employees a competitive and valuable range of total rewards—monetary and non-monetary—designed to support the whole person and to recognize their time, talents, and results. Along with base compensation, other compensation is offered such as a discretionary bonus, 401k plan, health insurance, and other perks. There are several factors taken into consideration in making compensation decisions including but not limited to location, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. At Franklin Templeton, we apply a total reward philosophy where all aspects of compensation and benefits are taken into consideration in determining compensation. We expect the salary for this position to range between $128,000.00 and $152,000.00

Experience our welcoming culture and reach your professional and personal potential!

Our culture is shaped by our diverse global workforce and strongly held core values. Regardless of your interests, lifestyle, or background, there’s a place for you at Franklin Templeton. We provide employees with the tools, resources, and learning opportunities to help them excel in their career and personal life.

Hear more from our employees

By joining us, you will become part of a culture that focuses on employee well-being and provides multidimensional support for a positive and healthy lifestyle. We understand that benefits are at the core of employee well-being and may vary depending on individual needs. Whether you need support for maintaining your physical and mental health, saving for life’s adventures, taking care of your family members, or making a positive impact in your community, we aim to have your needs covered. Learn more about the wide range of benefits we offer at Franklin Templeton.

Highlights Of Our Benefits Include

Three weeks paid time off the first year
Medical, dental and vision insurance
401(k) Retirement Plan with 85% company match on your pre-tax and/or Roth contributions, up to the IRS limits
Employee Stock Investment Program
Learning and Education Assistance Program (LEAP)
Purchase of company funds with no sales charge
Onsite fitness center and recreation center*
Onsite cafeteria*
Only applicable at certain locations

Learn more about the wide range of benefits we offer at Franklin Templeton

Franklin Templeton is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We are committed to providing equal employment opportunities to all applicants and existing employees, and we evaluate qualified applicants without regard to ancestry, age, color, disability, genetic information, gender, gender identity, or gender expression, marital status, medical condition, military or veteran status, national origin, race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, and any other basis protected by federal, state, or local law, ordinance, or regulation.

Franklin Templeton is committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive environment. If you believe that you need an accommodation to search for or apply for one of our positions, please send an email to accommodations@franklintempleton.com. In your email, please include the accommodation you are requesting, the job title, and the job number you are applying for. It may take up to three business days to receive a response to your request. Please note that only accommodation requests will receive a response.