About the job
Planned Systems International (PSI) is currently seeking a Junior Web Developer to support a Department of Homeland Security (DHS) program as a full-time employee.

Essential Functions And Job Responsibilities

Successful candidate will provide website design, development, testing, management and support of the hardware/software infrastructure for a web-based portal for our government client. Essential functions will include, but not be limited to:

 Performing all aspects of the development tasks, including front-end, back-end, and database development. 
 Managing resources to ensure timely and successful deliveries. 
 Working with clients and review panels to identify recommendations for the appropriate technical, business and human factors solutions. 
 Commitment to clear and quality communications between team and client product managers. 
 Commitment to promoting a collaborative work environment with team members and customers. 
 Develop and maintain web-enabled capabilities and custom applications. 
 Lead staff in defining and tracking project requirements, plans, and schedules. 
 Commitment to delivery of quality products. 

Minimum Requirements

 Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or closely related field. 
 Strong understanding of user interface design principles, with proven track record of creative web site development in accordance with the design specifications, user interface style guides and established usability standards. 
 Must have strong experience working with a variety of technology and the ability to multi-task between different projects and workflow stages. 
 Must have experience communicating directly with end users and the ability to gather requirements. 
 Experience analyzing business product needs, recommending, then possibly implementing, effective software solutions in a timely manner. 
 Experience analyzing core standards for software development, and maintaining an effective process for support. 
 Experience providing guidance and leadership to other developers and development teams. 
 U.S. Citizenship is required. Candidates selected must be able to successfully pass a client background investigation. 

Company Benefits

PSI offers full-time, benefits eligible employees a competitive total compensation package that includes paid leave, and options for employer sponsored group medical, dental, vision, short-term and long-term disability, life insurance, AD&D coverage, legal services, identity theft, and accident insurance. Flexible spending account and health saving account options offer pre-tax savings for qualified medical, dental, and vision expenses. The company sponsored 401(k) retirement plan has an employer contribution match that is immediately vested. We invest in the professional growth of our employees through professional courses, certifications, and tuition reimbursement programs.

 EEO Commitment 

It is company policy to promote equal employment opportunities. All personnel decisions, including, but not limited to, recruiting, hiring, training, promotion, compensation, benefits, and termination, are made without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, pregnancy, gender identity, genetic information, national origin, citizenship status, veteran status, protected veteran status, disability, or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local law.

Reasonable accommodations for applicants and employees with disabilities will be provided. If a reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and/or to receive other benefits and privileges of employment, please contact Human Resources by emailing HRDepartment@plan-sys.com , or by dialing 703-575-8400.