About the job
Teal Media is seeking an experienced remote front-end developer for a full-time position. Working closely with our visual design team and our technical team, you will create complex, custom front-end code for our high-profile social impact clients, under the direction of our CTO and Technical Director. Depending on the project, responsibilities may include handing off front-end code for integration into a CMS, custom microsites, or ‘design in the browser’ for key client deliverables.

Ideal Location: Remote (US residents only)

Who We Are

Teal Media is a full-service creative and design agency with a conscience. We believe purposeful design can transform organizations, inspire action, and enable progress. Our clients and nonprofit partners commit their lives to creating positive social change. We pour every ounce of our passion and skill into their success, because we, too, want the world to be a better place. We offer a variety of strategic, creative, and technical services, including brand strategy, web design and development, and creative support.

We are a woman-owned and woman-led firm with a diverse staff. At Teal Media, we value our people above all else and choose to work with partners and clients who share those beliefs.

Your Team

This role is under the Development team. You will report to the Technical Director and work closely with the Development, Content, and Creative teams.

What You’ll Do

Create beautiful, performant and accessible front-end website designs using HTML5, CSS, JavaScript, and related libraries
Communicate and collaborate with internal and external project team members
Collaborate closely with the design team to enhance the overall design experience
Think deeply about tools and frameworks to create flexible design systems
Serve as the front-end developer for web-based projects as well as support retainer development tasks for existing clients
Build high-quality prototypes for client demonstration
Ensure the technical feasibility of UI/UX designs
Regularly consult with team members on code deliverables to ensure work meets project requirements before sharing with the client
Conduct quality assurance, testing, and proofing on project deliverables
Assist with technical solutions discovery on projects
Train/educate clients as needed

Ideal Candidates Will Have

3-7+ years of front-end coding experience
Agency experience is strongly preferred
Demonstrable experience developing complex front-end HTML code with examples and a willingness to walk us through code that you have written
Very comfortable with coding ‘from scratch’ as well as light use of existing frameworks
Strong understanding of the website design and development process, including working knowledge of git, mobile responsive design, and accessibility standards
Self-starter, independent thinker, highly responsible
Excellent communication and problem-solving skills
Thrives working in a fast-paced environment
Strict attention to detail and adherence to project deadlines

Salary & Level

Teal Media is committed to equity and transparency when it comes to salary and the growth of our people. This role is open to both level 2T and 3T in our progression framework and is determined by the candidate’s unique background and experience.

Level: 3T

Official Title: Senior Developer
Department: Development
Salary Range: $100,000-$125,000

Level: 2T

Official Title: Developer
Department: Development
Salary Range: $90,000-$120,000

Benefits

Make a positive impact on mission-driven organizations and nonprofits while working in a fun, collaborative, and flexible environment. We’re a nimble, close-knit group that values teamwork and individual contribution.

All our positions are remote (in the US), but we work to maintain a fun and engaging company culture.

Work from home (or at the beach!)
Professional Development Coaching
Yearly Continuing Education Stipend
Eligibility for bi-annual bonuses
Flexible Time Off and Unlimited Sick Leave
Compassionate Leave
Health, dental, and vision insurance
Company 401(k) with match
Flexible working hours
Flex Fridays - a day dedicated to self-directed work. Spend time working on the things you want - whether it be honing in on your craft or taking off a few hours early for your mental wellness!

Equal Opportunity Employer

If your experience doesn’t exactly match the qualifications listed but you believe you would shine in this role, we want to hear from you! Please apply and tell us why you’re the right person for the job.

Black & Indigenous people of color, immigrants, women, and femmes, LGBTQI+ individuals, people with disabilities, neurodiverse people, and formerly incarcerated or systems-impacted people are highly encouraged to apply.

Teal Media is an equal-opportunity employer that values a diverse workforce and an inclusive culture. Teal Media encourages applications from all qualified individuals without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, age, national origin, marital status, citizenship, disability, and veteran status.

Teal Media does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, age, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, country of origin, citizenship, ancestry, genetic information, physical or mental disability, military or veteran status, political affiliation, exercising one’s right to family care and medical leave, medical condition, including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding, and related medical conditions, or any other category protected by local, state, or federal laws. We are not offering US visa sponsorship at this time.