About the job
Responsibilities

Kforce's financial services client located in Minneapolis, MN, is targeting an experienced React UI Developer to assist in developing new UI components for SWIFT Messaging product application. Summary: The React UI Developer will be working directly with Business Partners on creating use cases around design, development, and implementation of UI components. This person will be relied upon as Senior UI resource who is able to provide insight on solution options as well as understanding and communicating pros/cons for each solution.

Requirements

 7+ years of experience in React UI Development
 Excellent communication skills
 Previous banking experience preferred

The pay range is the lowest to highest compensation we reasonably in good faith believe we would pay at posting for this role. We may ultimately pay more or less than this range. Employee pay is based on factors like relevant education, qualifications, certifications, experience, skills, seniority, location, performance, union contract and business needs. This range may be modified in the future.

We offer comprehensive benefits including medical/dental/vision insurance, HSA, FSA, 401(k), and life, disability & ADD insurance to eligible employees. Salaried personnel receive paid time off. Hourly employees are not eligible for paid time off unless required by law. Hourly employees on a Service Contract Act project are eligible for paid sick leave.

Note: Pay is not considered compensation until it is earned, vested and determinable. The amount and availability of any compensation remains in Kforce's sole discretion unless and until paid and may be modified in its discretion consistent with the law.

This job is not eligible for bonuses, incentives or commissions.

Kforce is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.