About the job
Position Summary

The UI/UX Developer is responsible for the development and execution of HTML/CSS/Javascript content implemented on third-party, partner websites while maintaining consideration of the partners' interface and brand guidelines.

This role requires problem solving, troubleshooting code, and tackling day-to-day challenges while working in a collaborative environment. Additionally, the role requires seeking best practices and sharing knowledge with others. This role supports efforts including implementations, enhancements, optimization activities and ongoing maintenance.

This role also supports meeting and exceeding Incremental Revenue and Client Satisfaction targets within the broader Optimization program.

Responsibilities -Technical development of UI/UX experiences for integrated partner offers
Contribute to the development of the creative culture, internal tools, and quality standards
Responsible for creating interactive marketing templates to be utilized in the presentation of insurance content implemented on partner websites
Create mock-ups and visual prototypes as required
Must keep current with new browser standards, specifications, versions, capabilities & limitations as it relates to responsive web development and mobile app development
Act as a subject matter expert for HTML/CSS/Javascript needs and have working knowledge of XML/JSON for partner integrations
Contribute to an Agile project team to help understand and document client code requirements, estimate work, and extend existing solutions
Effectively manage and communicate code- and design-related topics to both internal and clientfacing stakeholders
Collaborate and iterate seamlessly with other disciplines within the design organization to generate ideas, concepts, reusable code, and consistent user experiences to aid in advanced testing and optimization techniques
Organize and communicate task status clearly in daily scrum (self-organizing teams) while keeping functional head routinely informed on general progress and strategic initiatives
May perform other duties as assigned.

FIGMA IS A MUST
Desired Skills and Experience




The UI/UX Developer is responsible for the development and execution of HTML/CSS/Javascript content implemented on third-party, partner websites while maintaining consideration of the partners' interface and brand guidelines.

This role requires problem solving, troubleshooting code, and tackling day-to-day challenges while working in a collaborative environment. Additionally, the role requires seeking best practices and sharing knowledge with others. This role supports efforts including implementations, enhancements, optimization activities and ongoing maintenance.

This role also supports meeting and exceeding Incremental Revenue and Client Satisfaction targets within the broader Optimization program.

Responsibilities -Technical development of UI/UX experiences for integrated partner offers
* Contribute to the development of the creative culture, internal tools, and quality standards
* Responsible for creating interactive marketing templates to be utilized in the presentation of insurance content implemented on partner websites
* Create mock-ups and visual prototypes as required
* Must keep current with new browser standards, specifications, versions, capabilities & limitations as it relates to responsive web development and mobile app development
* Act as a subject matter expert for HTML/CSS/Javascript needs and have working knowledge of XML/JSON for partner integrations
* Contribute to an Agile project team to help understand and document client code requirements, estimate work, and extend existing solutions
* Effectively manage and communicate code- and design-related topics to both internal and clientfacing stakeholders
* Collaborate and iterate seamlessly with other disciplines within the design organization to generate ideas, concepts, reusable code, and consistent user experiences to aid in advanced testing and optimization techniques
* Organize and communicate task status clearly in daily scrum (self-organizing teams) while keeping functional head routinely informed on general progress and strategic initiatives
* May perform other duties as assigned.

Dexian is a leading provider of staffing, IT, and workforce solutions with over 12,000 employees and 70 locations worldwide. As one of the largest IT staffing companies and the 2nd largest minority-owned staffing company in the U.S., Dexian was formed in 2023 through the merger of DISYS and Signature Consultants. Combining the best elements of its core companies, Dexian's platform connects talent, technology, and organizations to produce game-changing results that help everyone achieve their ambitions and goals.

Dexian's brands include Dexian DISYS, Dexian Signature Consultants, Dexian Government Solutions, Dexian Talent Development and Dexian IT Solutions. Visit https://dexian.com/ to learn more.

Dexian is an Equal Opportunity Employer that recruits and hires qualified candidates without regard to race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, disability, or veteran status.