About the job
Location:

New Bremen, OH, US, 45869

Company Description

Crown Equipment Corporation is a leading innovator in world-class forklift and material handling equipment and technology. As one of the world’s largest lift truck manufacturers, we are committed to providing the customer with the safest, most efficient and ergonomic lift truck possible to lower their total cost of ownership.

Primary Responsibilities

Develop and maintain responsive web applications using Angular framework. 
Ensure seamless integration with backend services. 
Write clean, modular, and efficient code following best practices. 
Collaborate closely with UX/UI designers to translate wireframes and mockups into functional interfaces. 
Design, create, and maintain reusable components as part of an angular toolkit.
Implement and adhere to web accessibility guidelines (WCAG) to create inclusive user experiences. 
Optimize webpages for screen readers, keyboard navigation, and other assistive technologies. 
Conduct accessibility audits and address any issues promptly.
Work closely with UX designers to create intuitive and visually appealing interfaces. 
Participate in user research, usability testing, and persona development. 
Apply UX design principles to enhance user satisfaction and engagement.
Collaborate with cross-functional teams, including backend developers, product managers, UX/UI design, and QA engineers.
Demonstrate a growth mindset and eagerness to learn new technologies and methodologies. 
Stay informed on the latest advancements in front-end development, accessibility, industry trends, and emerging UX design patterns.

Minimum Qualifications

High School diploma or equivalent 
5 plus years of experience in Angular framework, Typescript, HTML5, CSS/SCSS or similar front-end technologies. 
Working knowledge of accessibility guidelines, responsive design principles, and user-centered design processes. 
Experience with design tools (Figma, Storybook, etc.)
Strong written, verbal, analytical, and interpersonal skills. 

Preferred Qualifications

Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Interaction Design, Human-Computer Interaction, or related field. 
Prior experience on projects involving accessibility enhancements. 
Front-end optimization techniques, application architecture, and/or Power BI integration is a plus.

Remote Work: Crown offers hybrid remote work for this position. A reasonable commute is necessary as some onsite work is required. Relocation assistance is available.

Work Authorization

Crown will only employ those who are legally authorized to work in the United States. This is not a position for which sponsorship will be provided. Individuals with temporary visas or who need sponsorship for work authorization now or in the future, are not eligible for hire.

No agency calls please.

Compensation And Benefits

Crown offers an excellent wage and benefits package for full-time employees including Health/Dental/Vision/Prescription Drug Plan, Flexible Benefits Plan, 401K Retirement Savings Plan, Life and Disability Benefits, Paid Parental Leave, Paid Holidays, Paid Vacation, Tuition Reimbursement, and much more.

EO/AA Employer Minorities/Females/Protected Veterans/Disabled

Nearest Major Market: Lima

Nearest Secondary Market: Findlay

Job Segment:  Front End, Computer Science, User Experience, Warehouse, Forklift, Technology, Manufacturing