About the job
Empact Technologies is a rapidly growing SaaS startup in the cleantech space dedicated to supporting the energy transition. 
 Our software platform and services empower solar, energy storage, wind, and other clean energy developers to maximize their share of the $1T Inflation Reduction Act (IRA) tax incentive. We ensure regulatory compliance and protect tax credit investors from IRS recapture audit risk. 
 We are building an incredible company and are seeking a Staff Front-End Developer to own our product’s user experience and accelerate our product leadership. This full-time role offers the opportunity to work closely with the company’s leadership team as we scale our technology and operations to support a growing user base. 
 Reporting to the Chief Architect, this critical member of our engineering team will be responsible for ensuring a world-class user experience for our clean energy clients. 
 Responsibilities 
Write high-quality, maintainable code to bring design concepts and product user interfaces to life. 
Develop and optimize tools to improve site interaction and efficiently manage software workflows. 
Enhance and optimize the existing user interface (UI) by applying user-centered design principles to improve overall user experience (UX) and engagement. 
Collaborate with the product team to identify pain points in the current UI and implement innovative solutions that streamline usability and interaction. 
Incorporate user-centered design principles and usability testing feedback into the development process to continuously improve the user interface. 
Identify performance bottlenecks and optimize code to ensure high-quality user performance and experience. 
Leverage industry-standard design patterns and architectural principles to create scalable and maintainable web applications. 
Create comprehensive functional requirement documents and detailed user guides. 
 Qualifications
Experience: 3-5 years of front-end development experience. 
Technical Expertise: Proficiency in JavaScript, HTML, Bootstrap, and modern front-end development frameworks like React.js, Angular, or Vue.js required. 
UX Design: Familiarity with UX design principles is required, proficiency in utilizing collaborative design tools such as Figma to create and give feedback on wireframes is a plus. 
Salesforce Development: Experience in Salesforce development is a plus, but not required. 
AGILE: Experience working in AGILE development environments, with familiarity with tools such as Jira and Confluence is a plus, but not required. 
Motivation and Drive: Highly motivated, “can-do” attitude with proven drive to succeed. 
Organizational Skills: Excellent organizational and analytical skills with strong attention to detail. 
Web Development Process: In-depth understanding of the entire web application development process (design, development and deployment). 
Teamwork and Independence: Ability to create high-quality, innovative work independently while being part of an interdependent and tight-knit team. 
Remote work: Comfort in a fully remote, fast paced startup environment. 
Desired qualities: Honesty, integrity, openness and willingness to learn. 
Education: BSc degree in Computer Science or equivalent relevant experience or certification. 
 This is an exceptional opportunity to make a significant impact on our product and user experience, working collaboratively with a talented and driven team. If you are passionate about front-end development and UX, we would love to hear from you! 