About the job
Remote Job - Senior Web Developer

Are you a Web Developer looking for a remote opportunity to work with a growing digital marketing agency that helps some of the top global life science companies?
Supreme Optimization is looking for a Senior Web Developer with WordPress and Magento experience to help support our growing client base.

About Supreme: We are the world’s first digital marketing agency exclusively for Life Science companies. We combine expert digital marketers, developers, designers and “Ph.D-level” scientific marketers in one team.
Our mission is to be the #1 provider in the world for Life Science and Pharma digital marketing services and resources. This means delivering high quality digital marketing services to our customers so they can better serve their audience.

Role Title: Senior Web Developer

Role Mission: Working with our existing development houses and project managers to maintain, optimize, and improve client websites and to provide clear technical support including minor bugs, monthly maintenance, and content changes via ticketing system and support desk. Keep us in the forefront of technological changes. Someone with a keen interest in automation using ChatGPT.

Key Outcomes for the role
Monthly maintenance is completed on time and within budget
Fixes and changes are deployed on time
Clients love working with you
Our team loves working with you and can’t say enough good things about you

Key Responsibilities for the role
Provide custom solutions to client development requests and problems for both WordPress and Magento
Support our existing development teams by processing minor WordPress and Magento client support requests (including bug reports and ‘how to’ requests)
Support our Project Managers by client facing to help answer technical questions
Oversee our central ticketing system for our clients on monthly maintenance
Work with our Project Managers and DevOps to review existing client websites for development improvements and general optimization
Encourage technical innovation throughout the agency

Mandatory Skills
3+ years of WordPress experience ranging from maintenance, Page Builders (Beaver Builder, Elementor, etc.), manual theme builds, and custom Wordpress development.
3+ years of developing and implementing efficient code in PHP/MySQL/CSS/JS
Have expertise as a frontend/backend developer and be aware of UI/UX design principles
A good understanding and focus on performance-orientated programming to ensure our websites excel at Page Speed and other usability and conversion metrics
Proficiency using Git Version Control
Basic knowledge using command-line tools such as basic SSH Linux server management
Good interpersonal skills to allow working with Clients and Project Managers to correctly identify and convert requirements and requests into actionable requests

Core Competencies
Ambitious
Organized
Self motivated
Proactive
Positive attitude
Comfortable client facing
Great communication skills

Nice to have(s)
Experience with Sanity, BigCommerce, and other API-first SAAS offerings.
Rudimentary Python experience.
Magento experience. We work exclusively with Magento as our ecommerce solution
Technical background / education preferred
Experience at a marketing or web development agency (not required but a bonus)
Experience working with Jira and/or Trello
Visual eye for design vs development
Experience of automated testing (preferably PHPUnit and Behat/Selenium)
Experience of using Version Control systems such as Git as part of a team
Experience working with AWS, WPEngine and their features

Compensation
Salary: $70,000 -,$90,000 USD/year (based on experience and performance)

If you are interested in applying for this job please do the following:
1) Submit an email to careers at supremeopti.com with the subject line "It’s Alive!"
2) In blue color font, write 2-3 sentences telling us your name, who you are and where you are from
3) In red color font, write a few sentences on why you think you would be a good fit for this job.
4) In black font, let us know about your PHP/MySQL Website, including any WordPress and Magento development background.
Please include the following in a bulleted list:
Most complex website (include URL) you developed, including coding problems you overcame
Git repository of any shareable work
Number of years of PHP/MySQL experience
Number of years of WordPress development experience
Platforms and Frameworks you are confident in developing with (e.g. WordPress, BigCommerce, Shopify, Magento etc.)
Number of years of eCommerce experience
Number of years of agency working experience
5) Include a link to your Linkedin profile. We do not accept resumes.