About the job
About the Company: 

Founded in 2014, Rhone is resilience embodied—a performance lifestyle brand dedicated to championing mental fitness. Engineered for optimal style, comfort, and performance, our clothing is designed to enhance every aspect of the active individual's life. Led by brothers Nate & Ben Checketts, Rhone is fueled by a clear vision: positively impacting lives through a commitment to physical and mental fitness, inspiring community, and crafting performance-driven products for the relentless pursuit of progress. In addition to a robust e-commerce business and a strong wholesale presence, Rhone currently has 15 retail stores across the U.S., all of which serve as community hubs through various initiatives such as the brand's signature Mind & Muscle events.

 About the role: 

As a key member of the web development team you will build, test, deploy, and maintain our e-commerce site and services that reach our customers, vendors, and internal teams. We are believers in building strong feedback loops within the organization to improve our products and provide the best digital and in-person experiences to our customers. This role requires someone who can communicate complicated solutions clearly, simplify problems into action steps and easily adapt to changes.

 Responsibilities: 

 Assist in building and maintaining our headless e-commerce site, rhone.com and its supporting technologies. 
 Partner closely with the Director of Product Management on delivering the Digital Product Roadmap from discovery to implementation and UAT. 
 Support and develop integrations with current and future third party vendors. 
 Participate in Agile Scrum ceremonies to ensure the team is aligned on project delivery and outcome. 
 Collaborate cross-functionally with the Ecommerce Team to better understand internal and customer facing pain points and brainstorm solutions. 
 Partner closely with our UX Team to ensure excellent execution of clean UI/UX per provided specs. 

 Qualifications: 

 B.A. or B.S. in computer science, information technology, or related discipline 
 3+ years of experience in web development 
 Full-stack experience with a focus on frontend development 
 Experience working in a JAMstack environment 
 Strong knowledge of html,css javascript 
 Proven ability to prioritize tasks and manage time efficiently 
 Agile methodology and sprint workflow experience 
 Solution-oriented and forward-thinking 
 Strong attention to detail 
 Strong interpersonal communication skills 

 Additional preferred qualifications: 

 Experience with Vue, React 
 Experience with Shopify Plus/Shopify Extensibility 
 Experience with Cloudflare Workers 
 Testing and CI/CD Pipelines 
 Can work 9:00 AM - 5:00 PM EST 

Job Type: Full Time

Reports to: Manager, Development

Location: Remote