About the job
Job Description

We are the movers of the world and the makers of the future. We get up every day, roll up our sleeves and build a better world -- together. At Ford, we’re all a part of something bigger than ourselves. Are you ready to change the way the world moves?

Enterprise Technology plays a critical part in shaping the future of mobility. If you’re looking for the chance to leverage advanced technology to redefine the transportation landscape, enhance the customer experience and improve people’s lives, this is the opportunity for you. Join us and challenge your IT expertise and analytical skills to help create vehicles that are as smart as you are.

Although this is a remote position, the Software Engineer will need to work EST hours and a preference is for those who are local or willing to relocate (assistance may be available). to Dearborn, MI for hybrid work

SOUTHEAST MI RESIDENTS: Please note, this job is posted as remote unless the selected candidate lives within 50 miles of Dearborn, MI, then if may require hybrid onsite schedule, up to 60% of the time.

In this position...

We are adding a Front-end (UI) Software Engineer to our team with hands-on development and technical oversight experience. They Software Engineer will possess a deep understanding of modern software engineering practices, API design, and architecture, as well as recent design standards and trends. In addition, the candidate will have strong experience working with microservices-based backend systems and be proficient in Next.js, React JS, and/or AEM stack. Prior experience working on the Google Cloud Platform is highly desirable.

Key Responsibilities:

Develop and maintain a robust and scalable UI architecture using NextJS / React JS as the primary technology.
Design and implement reusable components and patterns to ensure consistency and efficiency across the application.
Work as an expert on UI Design Principles to develop, structure and design of digital apps across all screen size/devices.
Lead and mentor a team of UI developers, providing technical guidance and ensuring best practices are followed.
Collaborate with other architects and teams to align UI architecture with overall system design.
Create wireframes, mockups, prototypes, and documentation to communicate design ideas and concepts Work with cross-functional teams to integrate UI components with backend services and APIs.
Good experience with highly scalable applications and Extensive knowledge in JavaScript Design & Architectural Patterns.
Test and debug UI issues across different browsers and devices Stay updated with the latest trends and technologies in UI development.


Responsibilities

What you'll do…

Develop modules within the eCommerce products, ensuring the development of high-quality front-end components and interfaces.
Ability to develop and integrate RESTful web services.
Able to write Unit and integration test cases.
Experience in troubleshooting, debugging, and optimizing web applications.
Optimize the performance of web applications and ensure that they are accessible and user-friendly.
Use best practices for state management, including Redux RTK for both component and app level state management.
Write quality code and maintain the code free from bugs and hotspots, ensure code coverage greater than 80%
Develop proof of concepts (POCs) using modern technologies and contribute to the deployment of scalable and robust cloud-based solutions, aligning with Ford's technological advancements


Qualifications

You'll have...

 Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering or related field or a combination of education and equivalent work experience 
 6+ years of hands-on experience in React or similar stack. 
 3+ years of experience with Next.js, micro frontends, server-side rendering (SSR), client-side rendering (CSR), and static site generation (SSG). 
 3 + years of experience in performance optimization, Core Web Vitals, and SEO principles as they relate to UI performance and user experience. 
 2+ years of experience in unit and integration testing using tools such as Jest and Playwright. 
 2+ years of experience with data structures preferably with Immutable.js and isomorphic React. 
 2+ years of experience with modern web development tools like ES6/Babel, React, Node.js, NPM, and Webpack or similar. 
 1+ years of experience working within a monorepo environment to ensure efficient code sharing and management across multiple UI projects. 


Even better, you may have...

Master’s Degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Systems Engineering or related field 
 Strong knowledge in programming languages and some understanding of multi-threading, concurrency, and scalability concepts in a microservices-driven architecture. 
 Strong Understanding of HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, and TypeScript 
 Experience in collaboration with other technical domain experts such as cloud, security, SRE, and DevOps. 
 Awareness of headless architecture and some experience working with headless or classic CMS platforms. 
 Strong experience in eCommerce or customer-facing platform development is a plus. 
 Good understanding of security aspects of frontend components, ensuring the design of a secure system (oAuth 2.0, JWT) 
 Strong aesthetic sense, including layout, grid systems, color theory, and typography, with a focus on creating visually appealing and user-friendly UI designs. 


You may not check every box, or your experience may look a little different from what we've outlined, but if you think you can bring value to Ford Motor Company, we encourage you to apply!

As an established global company, we offer the benefit of choice. You can choose what your Ford future will look like: will your story span the globe, or keep you close to home? Will your career be a deep dive into what you love, or a series of new teams and new skills? Will you be a leader, a changemaker, a technical expert, a culture builder…or all the above? No matter what you choose, we offer a work life that works for you, including:

Immediate medical, dental, and prescription drug coverage
Flexible family care, parental leave, new parent ramp-up programs, subsidized back-up childcare and more
Vehicle discount program for employees and family members, and management leases
Tuition assistance
Established and active employee resource groups
Paid time off for individual and team community service
A generous schedule of paid holidays, including the week between Christmas and New Year’s Day
Paid time off and the option to purchase additional vacation time.


For a detailed look at our benefits, click here:

https://corporate.ford.com/content/dam/corporate/us/en-us/documents/careers/2024-benefits-and-comp-GSR-sal-plan-2.pdf

This position is a range of salary grades 6-8.

Visa sponsorship is vailable for this position.

Candidates for positions with Ford Motor Company must be legally authorized to work in the United States. Verification of employment eligibility will be required at the time of hire.

We are an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to a culturally diverse workforce. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, age, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability status or protected veteran status. In the United States, if you need a reasonable accommodation for the online application process due to a disability, please call 1-888-336-0660.