About the job
Department: Engineering

Employment Type: Full Time

Location: Remote (USA)

Compensation: $120,000 - $150,000 / year

Description

Reporting to the Team Lead, you will be responsible for working on a team of four to five Engineers to tackle the platform needs of large organizations. Every week, you'll have the opportunity to expand your technical skills and will be presented with opportunities for continuous learning. Working in multiple environments and continually switching context from client to client, we are looking for people who thrive in an innovative and fast-paced environment. This is a standout opportunity to collaborate with an elite group of engineers, build up your skillset and, in turn, become a distinguished expert in the industry.

Key Responsibilities

Integrate front-end components with back-end data sources using APIs and web services
Develop responsive and user-friendly web interfaces
Fetch, process, and display real-time or static data from databases or other data storage systems
Optimize the performance of data-heavy applications to ensure smooth and efficient user experiences
Write and maintain unit tests and integration tests for front-end components.
Debug and resolve issues related to data presentation and interactivity.
Implement data visualization best practices to ensure clarity and effectiveness.
Support team members

Required Qualifications

Skills Knowledge and Expertise

4+ years of front end development experience
3+ years of AWS experience
2+ years of data infrastructure experience
Python experience
Angular/Vue experience
Kubernetes experience
Terraform experience
Cloud certifications
Excellent communication skills
Strong multi-tasker
Self starter
Team player

Preferred Qualifications

React experience
Azure, AWS and GCP Professional level certifications
Kubernetes certifications (CKA, CKAD, CKS)

Benefits + Perks

Benefits of full-time remote work but with a close team environment. BSC was built from the beginning to be remote. That means we work extra hard to support a culture of engagement with regular opportunities for in-person interaction.
Flexible work schedule and time off
Home office support
401k with up to 4% company match
Medical, Dental, Vision and Life Insurance