About the job
Responsibilities

Kforce has a client that is seeking a Front-End Developer in Littleton, CO for a 3 month CTH. This is a 100% onsite role. Summary: The Front-End Developer will focus on an internal web application for data visualization and will be involved in developing future tools and applications. The role requires adaptability to new technologies and a strong foundation in current front-end development practices. Responsibilities:

 Front-End Developer will develop and maintain an internal web application for effective data visualization
 Participate in the development of future tools and applications
 Use HTML5, React, JavaScript, and TypeScript for front-end development
 Design interfaces for user-friendly data interaction and presentation
 As a Front-End Developer, you will ensure responsive design for compatibility across devices
 Collaborate with a single backend team for seamless data integration
 Implement coding best practices, focusing on performance and security

Requirements

 Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or a related field
 Minimum 3 years of experience in front-end development with React, JavaScript, and TypeScript
 Experience with Agile development methodologies
 Strong portfolio demonstrating previous development projects
 Strong knowledge of HTML, CSS, JavaScript
 Knowledgeable in REST API integration and handling complex data structures
 Proven track record in building web applications, especially for data visualization
 Proficient in responsive and adaptive web design
 Excellent problem-solving skills and attention to detail
 Data visualization libraries (e.g., D3.js, Chart.js)
 State management libraries (Redux, Context API)
 Version control (Git)
 CI/CD pipelines
 Web security practices
 Clean, maintainable coding practices

The pay range is the lowest to highest compensation we reasonably in good faith believe we would pay at posting for this role. We may ultimately pay more or less than this range. Employee pay is based on factors like relevant education, qualifications, certifications, experience, skills, seniority, location, performance, union contract and business needs. This range may be modified in the future.

We offer comprehensive benefits including medical/dental/vision insurance, HSA, FSA, 401(k), and life, disability & ADD insurance to eligible employees. Salaried personnel receive paid time off. Hourly employees are not eligible for paid time off unless required by law. Hourly employees on a Service Contract Act project are eligible for paid sick leave.

Note: Pay is not considered compensation until it is earned, vested and determinable. The amount and availability of any compensation remains in Kforce's sole discretion unless and until paid and may be modified in its discretion consistent with the law.

This job is not eligible for bonuses, incentives or commissions.

Kforce is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.