About the job
Job Title:

UI Developer/React

Job Description

Locations: Pure Onsite position, Phoenix, Arizona (HYBRID 3 DAYS at work)

Title –UI Developer

Summary: We are looking for a UI Developer in Phoenix, AZ. You would be in a hybrid office model 3 days a week. We are looking for someone to join our team as soon as possible.

Key Responsibilities

Develop new features using React.js and Node. js.
Build reusable components and front-end libraries for future use
Translate designs and wireframes into high-quality code
Optimize components for maximum performance across a vast array of web-capable devices and browsers
Collaborate with back-end developers and web designers to improve usability
Stay up-to-date with upcoming UI design trends and determine how they will be incorporated into upcoming features.
Participate in code reviews and advocate for best practices and cross-team collaboration.

Required Skills And Qualifications

Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, or a related field
Minimum of 6+ years of experience in front-end development (MUST HAVE)
Strong proficiency in JavaScript, including DOM manipulation and the JavaScript object model
Thorough understanding of React.js and its core principles
Experience with popular React.js workflows (such as Redux or Flux) (MUST HAVE)
5+ years of experience with RESTful APIs
Knowledge of CI/CD, Docker, is a plus
Knowledge of modern authorization mechanisms, such as JSON Web Token a plus
Experience with front-end build tools like Webpack, Gulp, or Grunt
Familiarity with modern front-end build pipelines and tools
Experience with common front-end development tools such as Babel, Webpack, NPM, etc.
Ability to understand business requirements and translate them into technical requirements
A knack for benchmarking and optimization
Familiarity with code versioning tools such as Git.

#ConcentrixCatalyst

Location:

USA, AZ, Work-at-Home

Language Requirements:

Time Type:

Physical & Mental Requirements: While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to operate a computer, keyboard, telephone, headset, and other office equipment. Work is generally sedentary in nature.

If you are a California resident, by submitting your information, you acknowledge that you have read and have access to the Job Applicant Privacy Notice for California Residents

Concentrix is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer including Disabled/Vets.

For more information regarding your EEO rights as an applicant, please visit the following websites:

English
Spanish

To request a reasonable accommodation please click here.

If you wish to review the Affirmative Action Plan, please click here.

R1522349