About the job
Our User Interface Engineers are energetic influencers who thrive on designing simple and scalable solutions to complex problems and delivering leading-edge software products for our customers. We are looking for exceptionally ambitious and communicative hands-on individuals who are comfortable collaborating within the Agile methodology as part of a cross-functional team, have experience working in fast-paced environments, and who have the passion and skills to take our product offerings to the next level.

As a User Interface Engineer, you will be a key member of a collaborative team environment that encourages you to perform at your best, while contributing to the engineering efforts of one of our scrum teams. You will be challenged to engineer right-sized solutions for complex business problems. You will apply your knowledge of modern software design, best practices, design patterns, and frameworks, with an understanding of application performance and maintainability. You will aspire to use new technologies and challenge yourself to develop innovative solutions. You will work alongside developers and technical leads on a team where collaborative programming and mentoring are regularly practiced.

You're Role

 Being a passionate and flexible engineer, collaborate with your team to achieve and exceed the goal to build, deploy, monitor and operate a highly performing and highly available production system 
 Develop front-end solutions for a suite of web applications / business tools. 
 Contribute to the design of complete user flows from end-to-end. 
 Collaborate with UI team members, users and other stakeholders to discuss user interface requirements and brainstorm solutions. 
 Illustrate design ideas using storyboards, process flows and site maps. 
 Design, develop and implement user interface components / elements / touch points. 
 Identify and troubleshoot UI / UX problems, collaborating with engineering as required to ensure resolution. 
 Recommend and helps implement design best practices 
 Write readable, maintainable, and efficient code 
 Enhance the performance and reliability of our current solutions 

Technologies We Use

 React, Redux, and RTL 
 Javascript 
 CSS and SCSS 
 HTML 
 XML and JSON 
 Node 
 AWS 

Required Experience

 Bachelor's degree in a related discipline. The right candidate could also have a different combination, such as 4 years' experience in a related field. 
 Knowledge of React, Redux, JavaScript, CSS, Etc. 

Preferred Skills

 Experience with API, Data Feeds, JSON Feeds 

USD 64,200.00 - 96,400.00 per year

Compensation

Compensation includes a base salary of $64,200.00 - $96,400.00. The base salary may vary within the anticipated base pay range based on factors such as the ultimate location of the position and the selected candidate's knowledge, skills, and abilities. Position may be eligible for additional compensation that may include an incentive program.

Benefits

The Company offers eligible employees the flexibility to take as much vacation with pay as they deem consistent with their duties, the company's needs, and its obligations; seven paid holidays throughout the calendar year; and up to 160 hours of paid wellness annually for their own wellness or that of family members. Employees are also eligible for additional paid time off in the form of bereavement leave, time off to vote, jury duty leave, volunteer time off, military leave, parental leave, and COVID-19 vaccination leave.

About Cox Automotive

At Cox Automotive, people of every background are driven by their passion for mobility, innovation and community. We transform the way the world buys, sells, owns and uses cars, accelerating the industry with global powerhouse brands like Autotrader, Kelley Blue Book, Manheim and more. What's more, we do it all with an emphasis on employee growth and happiness. Drive your future forward and join Cox Automotive today!

About Cox

Cox empowers employees to build a better future and has been doing so for over 120 years. With exciting investments and innovations across transportation, communications, cleantech and healthcare, our family of businesses - which includes Cox Automotive and Cox Communications - is forging a better future for us all. Ready to make your mark? Join us today!

Benefits of working at Cox may include health care insurance (medical, dental, vision), retirement planning (401(k)), and paid days off (sick leave, parental leave, flexible vacation/wellness days, and/or PTO). For more details on what benefits you may be offered, visit our benefits page .

Cox is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer - All qualified applicants/employees will receive consideration for employment without regard to that individual's age, race, color, religion or creed, national origin or ancestry, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, physical or mental disability, veteran status, genetic information, ethnicity, citizenship, or any other characteristic protected by law. Cox provides reasonable accommodations when requested by a qualified applicant or employee with disability, unless such accommodations would cause an undue hardship.

Statement to ALL Third-Party Agencies and Similar Organizations: Cox accepts resumes only from agencies with which we formally engage their services. Please do not forward resumes to our applicant tracking system, Cox employees, Cox hiring manager, or send to any Cox facility. Cox is not responsible for any fees or charges associated with unsolicited resumes.