About the job
At SynergisticIT, we aim to bring aboard IT professionals to help them build a rewarding career in cutting-edge technologies. Being in the industry for more than 10 years, we provide a splendid range of lucrative opportunities to sustain a position in our top tech clients like Google, Apple, Cognizant, Client, PayPal, to name a few.

Our seasoned team firmly believes that the new tech talent can scale any business if given the right opportunity. We value your integrity, hard work, and commitment to make a difference in the technical sphere. For this reason, we focus on providing end-to-end career assistance and enhancing your already existing IT skills and knowledge.

Currently, we are looking for qualified entry-level Data Scientists who can apply Data Science principles to design, test, implement, and develop data-based solutions, including reporting, auditing, and preparing large databases for statistical analysis.

Minimum Background And Qualifications Requirement

Bachelor's degree or Master's degree in Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Mathematics, Electrical Engineering, Information Systems, or IT
Must have Mathematics or Statistics background

Technical And Soft Skills Required

Experience in Python programming and understanding of the software development life cycle.
Knowledge of Linear Algebra, Statistics, and Mathematics concepts.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
Highly motivated, self-learner, team player, and technically inquisitive.
Strong work ethics and creative problem-solving abilities.

Preferred skills

Deep Learning
Data visualization
NLP
Scala
Django

Roles and Responsibilities

Collaborate with dynamic teams of engineers, developers, and scientists who research and integrate algorithms to develop an application, software, and computer system solutions to address complex data problems.
Assess project requirements and develop data analysis algorithms.
Engage developers to share their opinions, knowledge, and recommendations to meet the deliverables.
Contribute to technical solutions and implement software analyses to unlock the secrets held by big data sets.
Integrate components like web-based UI, commercial indexing products, and access control mechanisms to create operational information and knowledge discovery systems.

Benefits

Competitive salary
Flexible work schedule & part-time off
E-verified
No relocation
H1B filing
On job technical support
Skill Enhancement
Opportunity to work with Fortune 500 Companies

Who Should Apply?

Recent IT graduates looking to build a solid career in the tech industry. If you're lured by the endless possibilities presented by AI, Machine Learning, IoT, and Data Science, this job opportunity can be the right career path for you.

Candidate's Outcome : Best Programmers in USA | Best Coding Bootcamp - SynergisticIT

No third-party candidates or c2c candidates

If you are interested, please apply to the posting.

No phone calls please, Shortlisted candidates would be reached out.