About the job
This is a remote position.

 Mid-Level Front-End Developer (2-3year experience, remote)

Be part of our future! This job posting builds our talent pool for potential future openings. We'll compare your skills and experience against both current and future needs. If there's a match, we'll contact you directly. No guarantee of immediate placement, and we only consider applications from US/Canada residents during the application process.

 Hiring Type: Full-Time

 Base Salary: $90K-$100K Per Annum.

Description:

The Front-End Developer is responsible for building the client side of our web applications. The Front-End Developer will translate our company and customer needs into functional and appealing interactive applications.

Essential Functions and Responsibilities:

Create user-friendly web pages 
Maintain and improve website 
Optimize applications for maximum speed 
Design mobile-based features 
Collaborate with back-end developers and web designers to improve usability 
Get feedback from, and build solutions for users and customers 
Adhere to the Code of Conduct and all Company Policies and Procedures. 

Education and Experience:

5+ years of experience as a Front-end Developer. 
Hands-on experience with markup languages. 
Familiarity with browser testing and debugging. In-depth understanding of the entire web development process (design, development, and deployment). 
The ability to perform well in a fast-paced environment. 
BSc degree in Computer Science or relevant field preferred, however, a combination of education and experience will be considered. 
Strong communication skills to collaborate with cross-functional teams and explain technical concepts to non-technical stakeholders. 
Positive and professional approach at all times. 
Ability to work independently as well as part of a team. Strong attention to detail. 
Experience with Selenium, jQuery, FHIR API, SFTP, Stripes framework, and YouTrack a strong plus. 
Experience with and proficiency in using Spring framework (DI, IoC), HL7 v2.x spec – HAPI API, SQL –basis (abatis) / mMySQL OOD/OOP – Design patterns, REST API, Repository – git, svn, Bug tracker/issue tracking system, and IDE (Eclipse, STS, IntelliJ) preferred.