About the job
As a Web Application Developer in the clinical diagnostics group, your daily activities will focus on improving existing web analysis tools and deploying new features to streamline the flow and analysis of data in our organization. You will be responsible for maintaing the existing web-based applications in AWS and help to create new applications as project needs evolve.

How You’ll Make An Impact

Work closely with internal teams to define appropriate requirements and needs for web-based tools. 
Help define User-interfaces to streamline data analysis: graphics, tables, data retrieval. 
Integrate Bioinformatics pipelines or analysis modules into existing web-applications. 
Participate in team & project meetings and present updates and progress. 
Deploy tools using a variety of cloud (AWS) compute resources.

What You Bring

Education: B.S., M.S. or PhD in Computer Science, Bioinformatics, or related field. 
Work Experience: 2+ years of relevant industry experience. 
Strong Python programming experience preferred (Flask, dash, Streamlit, fastapi) 
Experience with UI development (HTML, CSS, Javascript) 
Experience developing and deploying web-based python applications. 
Solid Software development background, a troubleshooting mindset, and good communication skills.

Location: Bio-Rad is pleased to offer the flexibility of a hybrid work environment for this role, 3 days in office, 2 days remote, working out of the Pleasanton, CA office

Total Rewards Package: At Bio-Rad, we’re empowered by our purpose and recognize that our employees are as well. That’s why we offer a competitive and comprehensive Total Rewards Program that provides value, quality, and inclusivity while satisfying the diverse needs of our evolving workforce. Bio-Rad's robust offerings serve to enrich the overall health, wealth, and wellbeing of our employees and their families through the various stages of an employee’s work and life cycle.

Benefits: We’re proud to offer a variety of options, including competitive medical plans for you and your family, free HSA funds, a new fertility offering with stipend, group life and disability, paid parental leave, 401k plus profit sharing, an employee stock purchase program, a new upgraded and streamlined mental health platform, extensive learning and development opportunities, education benefits, student debt relief program, pet insurance, wellness challenges and support, paid time off, Employee Resource Groups (ERG’s), and more!

Compensation: The estimated base salary range for this position is $102,200 to $140,500 at the time of posting. Actual compensation will be provided in writing at the time of offer, if applicable, and is based on several factors we believe fairly and accurately impact compensation, including geographic location, experience, knowledge, skills, abilities, and other job permitted factors. This position is eligible for a variable annual bonus, which is dependent upon achievement of your individual objectives and Company performance.

Who We Are: For 70 years, Bio-Rad has focused on advancing the discovery process and transforming the fields of science and healthcare. As one of the top five life science companies, we are a global leader in developing, manufacturing, and marketing a broad range of high-quality research and clinical diagnostic products. We help people everywhere live longer, healthier lives. Recently voted a Best Place to Work, Bio-Rad offers a unique employee experience with collaborative teams that span the globe. Here, you are supported by leadership to build your career and are empowered to drive change that makes an impact you can see.

EEO Statement: Bio-Rad is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer, and we welcome candidates of all backgrounds. Veterans, people with physical or mental disabilities, and people of all race, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, religion, national origin and citizenship status are encouraged to apply.

Agency Non-Solicitation: Bio-Rad does not accept agency resumes, unless the agency has been authorized by a Bio-Rad Recruiting Representative. Please do not submit resumes unless authorized to do so. Bio-Rad will not pay for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.

Fraud Alert: Bio-Rad has received reports of individuals posing as Bio-Rad recruiters to obtain information, including personal and financial, from applicants. Beware of these fake "recruiters" and job scams. Click here for more information on this scam and how to avoid it.

Legal Entity: (USA_1000)Bio-Rad Laboratories, Inc.