About the job
Covetrus is dedicated to advancing the world of veterinary medicine and empowering veterinary healthcare teams across the companion, equine, and large-animal health markets. We provide a comprehensive suite of products, software, and services to help drive improved patient health, strong client relationships, and successful financial outcomes for veterinary professionals.


Summary
Reporting to the Design Manager of Consumer Creative the Designer I will execute digital creative (emails, banners, social) and some print collateral while collaborating at every stage of the process from concept to finished product. We are looking for someone who wants to help build fun, intuitive, and polished digital and print experiences that do more than just sell—they also delight our customers. You should be eager to learn and grow your design skills, working with many teams across a variety of channels. You must have an interest and knowledge in email marketing and design. This individual will work closely with senior members of the Creative team as well as Copywriters, other Designers, Channel Owners and Marketing teams to assist in the production of clear, concept-driven designs that showcase and properly market the products we sell. As a member of our fast-paced, growing company, it is critical for the designer to be both self-motivated and a flexible team player. A key component of the designer’s success is a willingness to take risks and to rapidly change direction while still being able to meet deadlines.


Essential Duties & Responsibilities
Partner with the Creative Director, Design Managers, Designers, Copywriters and Marketing teams to help concept and produce on-brand experiences for our customers (the Pet Parent)
Handle production and layout with guidance from Senior Designers, Design Managers and Creative Director
Produce polished designs for online banners, emails, social, print marketing assets
Work collaboratively with internal/external teams, clients and vendors regarding project deliverables and details


Qualifications
EDUCATION
Bachelor’s Degree in Graphic Design or related field with digital and print design experience


Competencies (skills And Abilities)
Bring a thoughtful eye and attention to detail to all projects
Maintain brand standards
Be a team player and collaborator who is flexible and open to feedback and change
Participate in educational opportunities to maintain knowledge of current design and marketing best practices
Strong design sense and excellent attention to detail
Good organizational, time-management and project-management skills with the ability to self-manage and work as part of a team
Working knowledge of Figma as well as the Adobe Creative Suite on a Mac platform is necessary, experience in Asana and Jira is a plus
Ability to work in a fast-paced, ever-changing environment
Excellent communication (oral and written) and interpersonal skills
Perform other duties as assigned
Team player mindset


PHYSICAL WORK DEMANDS / WORK ENVIRONMENT
The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
Computer work
Salary may vary depending on factors such as confirmed job-related skills, experience, and location.


However, the pay range for this position is as follows. Sales Positions are eligible for a Variable Incentive $46,400.00 - $55,000


We offer the following benefits for you to take advantage of while you are here provided you meet the eligibility requirements under each governing program:
401k savings & company match
Paid time off
Paid holidays
Maternity leave
Parental leave
Military leave
Other leaves of absence
Health, dental, and vision benefits
Health savings accounts
Flexible spending accounts
Life & disability benefits
Identity theft protection
Pet insurance


Covetrus is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected Veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law.