About the job
Role Description

UI Engineer

Lead I - Enterprise Solutions 

Who We Are

Born digital, UST transforms lives through the power of technology. We walk alongside our clients and partners, embedding innovation and agility into everything they do. We help them create transformative experiences and human-centered solutions for a better world.

UST is a mission-driven group of 29,000+ practical problem solvers and creative thinkers in more than 30 countries. Our entrepreneurial teams are empowered to innovate, act nimbly, and create a lasting and sustainable impact for our clients, their customers, and the communities in which we live.

With us, you’ll create a boundless impact that transforms your career—and the lives of people across the world.

Visit us at UST.com.

You Are

UST is looking for a UI Engineer who optimizes efficiency, cost, and quality by identifying opportunities for automation/process improvements and agile delivery models.

The Opportunity

 Candidate is expected to take up senior developer role in the team and able to deliver the work assignment with minimal support. The work would relate to UI technologies based on Angular.
 Candidate is expected to learn Spartacus framework which is based on Angular and contribute to the project in development/support activities.

This position description identifies the responsibilities and tasks typically associated with the performance of the position. Other relevant essential functions may be required.

What You Need

 Primary Skills: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Angular 8+
 Very Good knowledge of Angular 8/9
 Willing to work in SAP Spartacus (Spartacus is a lean, Angular-based JavaScript storefront for SAP Commerce Cloud. Spartacus talks to SAP Commerce Cloud exclusively through the Commerce REST API)
 Web Standards, HTML5, CSS3 (transitions, animation)
 JavaScript application development using jQuery, prototype, Ext JS
 AJAX and Web Services (REST)
 Very good understanding of Bootstrap, PureMVC
 CSS Compilers, LESS, SASS
 Familiarity with continuous integration systems will be a plus
 Good to have: SAP Spartacus framework which is based on Angular framework

Compensation can differ depending on factors including but not limited to the specific office location, role, skill set, education, and level of experience. UST provides a reasonable range of compensation for roles that may be hired in various U.S. markets as set forth below.

Role Location: Remote

Compensation Range:  $75,000-$113,000

Benefits

Full-time, regular employees accrue a minimum of 10 days of paid vacation per year, receive 6 days of paid sick leave each year (pro-rated for new hires throughout the year), 10 paid holidays, and are eligible for paid bereavement leave and jury duty. They are eligible to participate in the Company’s 401(k) Retirement Plan with employer matching. They and their dependents residing in the US are eligible for medical, dental, and vision insurance, as well as the following Company-paid Employee Only benefits: basic life insurance, accidental death and disability insurance, and short- and long-term disability benefits. Regular employees may purchase additional voluntary short-term disability benefits, and participate in a Health Savings Account (HSA) as well as a Flexible Spending Account (FSA) for healthcare, dependent child care, and/or commuting expenses as allowable under IRS guidelines. Benefits offerings vary in Puerto Rico.

Part-time employees receive 6 days of paid sick leave each year (pro-rated for new hires throughout the year) and are eligible to participate in the Company’s 401(k) Retirement Plan with employer matching.

Full-time temporary employees receive 6 days of paid sick leave each year (pro-rated for new hires throughout the year) and are eligible to participate in the Company’s 401(k) program with employer matching. They and their dependents residing in the US are eligible for medical, dental, and vision insurance.

Part-time temporary employees receive 6 days of paid sick leave each year (pro-rated for new hires throughout the year).

All US employees who work in a state or locality with more generous paid sick leave benefits than specified here will receive the benefit of those sick leave laws.

What We Believe

We proudly embrace the values that have shaped UST since day one. We build our culture of Humility, Humanity, and Integrity. These values inspire us to nurture a people-first, human centric culture that fosters diversity, prioritizes sustainable solutions, and keeps our people and clients at the forefront of all decisions.

Humility

We will listen, learn, be empathetic and help selflessly in our interactions with everyone.

Humanity

Through business, we will better the lives of those less fortunate than ourselves.

Integrity

We honor our commitments and act with responsibility in all our relationships.

Equal Employment Opportunity Statement

UST is an Equal Opportunity Employer.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, status as a protected veteran, or any other applicable characteristics protected by law. We will consider qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records in accordance with state and local laws and “fair chance” ordinances.

UST reserves the right to periodically redefine your roles and responsibilities based on the requirements of the organization and/or your performance.

#UST

#CB

Skills

html5,css3,Javascript,Angular 8+


Desired Skills and Experience
html5,css3,Javascript,Angular 8+