About the job
Job Title: Web Developers (Must haves - Angular, Nx, NGRX)
Job Location: Westlake TX, Boston MA, Merrimack NH, Smithfield RI
Job Type: Fulltime Permanent

We are currently Hiring for Web Developers with Angular Nx, NGRX to support our client from their office location. It s a Fulltime permanent role and will start immediately-2 weeks

Job Requirements:
Proficiency in Angular: Strong understanding of Angular framework for building dynamic web applications.
Experience with Nx: Ability to use Nx for managing monorepos and enhancing developer productivity.
Knowledge of NGRX: Proficiency in NGRX for state management in Angular applications.
Front-end Development: Expertise in HTML, CSS, and JavaScript for creating responsive and interactive web interfaces.
Testing and Debugging: Skills in writing unit tests, end-to-end tests, and debugging using tools like Jasmine, Karma, and Protractor.
 
Life at Capgemini:
Capgemini supports all aspects of your well-being throughout the changing stages of your life and career. For eligible employees, we offer: 
Flexible work 
Healthcare including dental, vision, mental health, and well-being programs 
Financial well-being programs such as 401(k) and Employee Share Ownership Plan 
Paid time off and paid holidays 
Paid parental leave 
Family building benefits like adoption assistance, surrogacy, and cryopreservation 
Social well-being benefits like subsidized back-up child/elder care and tutoring 
Mentoring, coaching and learning programs 
Employee Resource Groups 
Disaster Relief 

Disclaimer:
Capgemini is an Equal Opportunity Employer encouraging diversity in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, national origin, gender identity/expression, age, religion, disability, sexual orientation, genetics, veteran status, marital status or any other characteristic protected by law.
This is a general description of the Duties, Responsibilities and Qualifications required for this position. Physical, mental, sensory or environmental demands may be referenced in an attempt to communicate the manner in which this position traditionally is performed. Whenever necessary to provide individuals with disabilities an equal employment opportunity, Capgemini will consider reasonable accommodations that might involve varying job requirements and/or changing the way this job is performed, provided that such accommodations do not pose an undue hardship.
Capgemini is committed to providing reasonable accommodations during our recruitment process. If you need assistance or accommodation, please reach out to your recruiting contact.
Click the following link for more information on your rights as an Applicant http://www.capgemini.com/resources/equal-employment-opportunity-is-the-law