About the job
We are seeking a highly skilled Angular Front End Sr. Developer to join our team and build exceptional user experiences. You will be responsible for developing and maintaining complex Angular applications, optimizing performance, and providing technical leadership.

Here’s the impact you’ll make and what we’ll accomplish together 

You'll develop and maintain high-performance Angular front-end applications. Collaborate with design and backend teams to deliver exceptional user experiences.

Responsibilities

Core Development: Build, test, and deploy complex Angular components and applications.
Performance Optimization: Continuously improve application speed and responsiveness.
Technical Leadership: Provide technical guidance and mentorship to team members.
Collaboration: Work closely with UX/UI designers, backend developers, and QA to ensure product success.
Problem-Solving: Identify and resolve complex technical challenges.


 What’s in it for you? 

TELUS International is pleased to offer great benefits as a contractor which include but are not limited to:

 Internal Referral Program, for every referral hired you’ll get a referral bonus and amazing prizes 
 Transparent work culture to lift your ideas & initiatives at the enterprise level & investment to execute successfully. 
 Our development programs are designed to promote technical growth and enhance leadership and relationship skills across individuals. We spark your career growth, with a vast array of in-house and external training programs which are listed below, but not limited to: 
 Trending technical skills 
 Business domain & customer interaction 
 Behavioral & effective communication 


Skills And Qualifications

Technical Proficiency: Expert-level knowledge of Angular, TypeScript, HTML5, CSS3, and JavaScript.
Performance Optimization: Proven ability to optimize front-end applications for speed and scalability.
Problem-Solving: Strong analytical and problem-solving skills.
Teamwork: Effective collaboration with cross-functional teams.
Experience: Minimum of 5 years of experience in front-end development, with at least 3 years in Angular.


 Join our TELUS International Family 

Everyone belongs to TELUS International. It doesn’t matter who you are, what you do, or how you do it, at TELUS International, your unique contribution and talents will be valued and respected. Because the more diverse perspectives we have, the more likely we are to crack the code on what our customers want and what our communities need. From start-ups to large global brands, we deliver on all stages of customer growth and engagement. Our industry track record speaks for itself. #Happytocodehere

Additional Job Description

Develop and maintain high-performance Angular front-end applications. Collaborate with design and backend teams to deliver exceptional user experiences.

EEO Statement

At TELUS International, we enable customer experience innovation through spirited teamwork, agile thinking, and a caring culture that puts customers first. TELUS International is the global arm of TELUS Corporation, one of the largest telecommunications service providers in Canada. We deliver contact center and business process outsourcing (BPO) solutions to some of the world's largest corporations in the consumer electronics, finance, telecommunications and utilities sectors. With global call center delivery capabilities, our multi-shore, multi-language programs offer safe, secure infrastructure, value-based pricing, skills-based resources and exceptional customer service - all backed by TELUS, our multi-billion dollar telecommunications parent.

Equal Opportunity Employer

At TELUS International, we are proud to be an equal opportunity employer and are committed to creating a diverse and inclusive workplace. All aspects of employment, including the decision to hire and promote, are based on applicants’ qualifications, merits, competence and performance without regard to any characteristic related to diversity.