About the job
So you've probably been looking through lots of job postings, and I bet they all sound something like this:

"We're looking for a mid-level WordPress developer who has 15 years of experience and is an expert in PHP, Javascript, HTML/CSS, React, AWS, Python, Ruby, Cold Fusion, Basic (not visual basic... basic...), culinary arts, and carpentry."

Luckily, you've come across this one... and if you don't think it's at least funny, you can get a kick out of how crazy we must be.

Some jokes aside, we're a digital marketing agency founded waaaaay back in 2005 with a heavy focus on web development. We started building websites in WordPress in 2006 and haven't looked back. 

We're looking for a mid-level WordPress developer to join our small and mighty team to take namespaces and kick blocks. 

Why join us and not another agency? We've got a lot of reasons.

We're not your typical agency. At 3.7, we're all about culture and the work environment. Here's what you need to know:

We're not a website factory, spitting out cookie-cutter websites and developing like it was 2018
We're building custom blocks, iterating on a robust base theme, and creating custom-designed websites with compelling digital experiences.

Nonexistant work/life balance? Not here
Work to live, not live to work. We all have families and lives outside of work. We expect everyone to work only a short time or handle loads of stress.

If you need to shuttle kids, attend an appointment, or take a walk, please do!

When someone goes on vacation we assign them a buddy to move things along in their absence to minimize post-vacation overwhelm.

You're not a cog in the machine
We trust our team and everyone has lots of autonomy. Have good ideas and feedback? Share them; every team member influences the direction of this company.

Toxic clients? No thanks
We've fired more than a few, and will continue to do so to protect our team.

Frankly, given the average person spends 90,000 hours at work over their lifetime, no one should have a job they dred. We don't want that for us or you.

So now onto the nitty-gritty details

This fully remote full-time position includes flexible work time and focuses on balancing excellent work and personal life.

The ideal candidate would share our core values and have the following characteristics:
Integrity
Attention to detail
Excellent digital, written, and verbal communication
Self-motivation and top-notch time management skills
A love for learning, improvement, and mentoring
Proactive
Efficient
Easy going
Ability to manage multiple projects and meet deadlines
Ability to figure out complex problems and come up with an ideal approach to building new features
Ability to creatively and efficiently solve code and propose solutions for business problems
Loves clean, beautiful code

Responsibilities include (but are not limited to):
Converting design concepts into responsive WordPress websites
Building custom, full-featured WordPress themes and functionality from scratch and using actions, filters, ajax, custom queries, custom post types, taxonomies, etc…
Configuring, customizing, and building WordPress plugins
Building and extending native custom blocks
Supporting best practices for hosting WordPress sites
Deploying websites
Communicating with clients and internal team members
Updating and modifying legacy, adopted, and third-party software to support clients

Required Skills:
Expert knowledge of JavaScript, PHP, WordPress, responsive design, and HTML/CSS/SCSS
Hand-coding custom themes based on design mockups
Knowledge of writing custom PHP to support advanced WordPress functionality and integrations
Ability to set up and work in local and remote development environments
Ability to work on multiple projects at the same time and complete tasks in a timely manner
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
A positive, proactive attitude toward problem-solving
3+ years of building custom WordPress themes and/or plugins

Perks:
Competitive compensation
Flexible hours and schedule
100% remote work
Emphasis on work/life balance
10 days paid vacation
13 paid holidays
Healthcare stipend
Education stipend
Family atmosphere
Focused on personal development
A team you want to wake up and work with every day