About the job
Freedom Technology Solutions Group is seeking an Interactive and Web-Based User Experience (UX) Developer to join our team and support an up-tempo, creative environment for an Intelligence Community (IC) customer located in Northern VA. Our culture thrives on innovation, creative curiosity, and cognitive diversity – bringing a new way of messaging and communicating to the government workforce. As a Web-Based UX Developer you will work in a dynamic production environment and will assist with defining customer requirements, developing solutions, and creating innovative production concepts. In this position, you will have the opportunity to grow your technical skills, push the boundaries of your creativity, and collaborate with excellence by working with the best in the business.

Design and develop websites for a range of Sponsor customers and communication initiatives 
Enable a range of website elements and functions (e.g. metrics trackers, submission forms etc.) either through independent design or by leveraging existing widgets, plug-ins, etc. 
Monitor content on Sponsor websites and maintain current web content by regularly uploading the most recently published information, images, logos, news articles, events, etc. 
Proactively make recommendations for new areas of content
Maintain Sponsor websites for optimal user experience (UX), making modifications and updates to ensure smooth operations and availability. Actively recommend updates, changes, and website re-orgs with UX in mind
Conduct usability and functionality testing of Sponsor websites and website elements/functions. Recommend and implement solutions and alternative approaches to achieve the intended web function and style

Required Qualifications:

Active TS/SCI with Poly
Bachelor's degree and 5 to 20 years related experience
Relevant professional experience in web design, web development, and user experience 
Expertise in HTML, JavaScript, and other tactical tools to execute web design
Expertise with SharePoint, TalkAbout, EDGE, and other web platforms/applications 
Ability to meet additional training requirements for Data Transfer Officer certification 
Ability to communicate effectively with Sponsor to resolve any questions on project scope or prioritization 

What's in It for You?

Flexible work environment

A team mentality – work with friendly, like-minded professionals

Work with innovative, cutting edge technologies

Enjoy Extremely Competitive Compensation And Benefits

A work-life balance you can count on

Opportunities to grow and advance your career on our dime

The Benefits You Get with Freedom

Amazing benefits including matching 401k, fully paid medical, and more

Generous paid time off – including paid site closure days

Competitive salary offerings

Paid training and tuition reimbursement

Referral bonuses

Fully paid life and disability

Annual logo wear allowance

Company sponsored events (game nights, holiday party, summer party, happy hours)

Interested in learning more about Freedom and our culture? Contact us today! We're constantly hosting hiring events in our office and elsewhere, to help you get a sense of what life is like at Freedom before joining the team.

As an Equal Opportunity Employer, we do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, age, marital status, disability or veteran status

Applicant Federal & E-Verify Postings

VEVRAA Federal Contractor

Accessibility: If you need an accommodation as part of the employment process, please contact Human Resources at

Phone: 410-290-9035 

Email: recruiting@goftsg.com

Equal Opportunity Employer, including disabled and veterans.

If you want to view the EEO Law poster, please choose your language: English - Spanish - Arabic - Chinese

If you want to view the EEO Law Supplement poster, please choose your language: English - Spanish - Chinese

If you want to view the Pay Transparency Policy Statement, please click the link: English