About the job
At Two Six Technologies, we build, deploy, and implement innovative products that solve the world’s most complex challenges today. Through unrivaled collaboration and unwavering trust, we push the boundaries of what’s possible to empower our team and support our customers in building a safer global future.

Trusted Concepts, A Division of Two Six Technologies is currently seeking a UI Developer for our Herndon, VA location. This candidate is responsible for the development of innovative, engaging, and effective UI/UX and JavaScript programming. The ideal candidate should possess the ability to think critically and have knowledge of current visual and interaction design principles while performing within a team environment.

Our team values creativity, initiative, and collaboration. We strive for a collegial atmosphere that encourages intellectual cross-pollination and professional growth. In short, we’re passionate about empowering our customer’s missions and enjoy working together at the leading edge of technology!

Required Qualifications

6 + years of experience
JavaScript required. Java is desirable.
Framework experience required such as VUE.js, Angular and React. VUE.js preferred.
Ability to work with the front end and middle tier desirable but not required.
Work closely with the product team to chart our roadmap forward and enhance usability.
Be a part of the development team to support and maintain existing production code and develop new and exciting products to our client base.
Evaluate user stories and acceptance criteria to validate front-end coding and influence story or acceptance criteria to get stronger development solutions.
Stay current on new technologies as they relate to web-based application development and user interface design.
Participate in code reviews and internal team scrums.

Clearance: Active TS/SCI with Polygraph

James-

Caroline

Looking for other great opportunities? Check out Two Six Technologies Opportunities for all our Company’s current openings!

Ready to make the first move towards growing your career? If so, check out the Two Six Technologies Candidate Journey! This will give you step-by-step directions on applying, what to expect during the application process, information about our rich benefits and perks along with our most frequently asked questions. If you are undecided and would like to learn more about us and how we are contributing to essential missions, check out our Two Six Technologies News  page! We share information about the tech world around us and how we are making an impact! Still have questions, no worries! You can reach us at Contact Two Six Technologies. We are happy to connect and cover the information needed to assist you in reaching your next career milestone.

Two Six Technologies is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices based on race (including traits historically associated with race, such as hair texture, hair type and protective hair styles (e.g., braids, twists, locs and twists)), color, religion, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions and lactation), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age (40 and over), marital status, disability, genetic information, and protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local law.

If you are an individual with a disability and would like to request reasonable workplace accommodation for any part of our employment process, please send an email to accomodations@twosixtech.com. Information provided will be kept confidential and used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations.

Additionally, please be advised that this business uses E-Verify in its hiring practices.

EOE, including disability/vets.

By submitting the following application, I hereby certify that to the best of my knowledge, the information provided is true and accurate.