About the job
Company Description

Visa is a world leader in payments and technology, with over 259 billion payments transactions flowing safely between consumers, merchants, financial institutions, and government entities in more than 200 countries and territories each year. Our mission is to connect the world through the most innovative, convenient, reliable, and secure payments network, enabling individuals, businesses, and economies to thrive while driven by a common purpose – to uplift everyone, everywhere by being the best way to pay and be paid.

Make an impact with a purpose-driven industry leader. Join us today and experience Life at Visa.

Job Description

A critical function of the role includes technical knowledge using different programing languages to create and maintain a world class user experience through dynamic user interfaces for our SM software users. Technical knowledge for the UI and UX includes the use of CSS, Java and Python languages. The analyst also plays an important role in working with merchants, the Managed Risk Services team and other teams to ensure our merchants are getting the quality of review and the types of review they expect. This is done through the knowledge and understanding of past and current fraud industry standards.

This role is key to executing the Screening Management team business strategy in all regions, enhancing merchant experience by systematically ensuring merchant processes are followed, identifying, and communicating fraud trends, and helping to cut costs and increase productivity.

Review and evaluate transactions in order to identify fraudulent activity
Identify and assess key risk factors
Assess potential risk exposure
Utilize several computer programs and tools to assess risk of on-line transactions
Escalate fraud trends to internal partners and merchants
Document transactions to explain action taken
Adhere to established Screening Management Guidelines and Expectations in order to meet and exceed performance expectations
Stay current on fraud trends, individual merchant expectations, service level agreements and rules

This is a hybrid position. Hybrid employees can alternate time between both remote and office. Employees in hybrid roles are expected to work from the office 2-3 set days a week (determined by leadership/site), with a general guidepost of being in the office 50% or more of the time based on business needs.

Qualifications

Basic Qualifications:

2 or more years of work experience with a Bachelor’s Degree or an Advanced Degree (e.g. Masters, MBA, JD, MD, or PhD)

Preferred Qualifications:

3 or more years of work experience with a Bachelor’s Degree or more than 2 years of work experience with an Advanced Degree (e.g. Masters, MBA, JD, MD)
Proven skill in creating world class User Interfaces and User Experiences. 
Proficient in HTML, Java, and CSS in order to create a User Interface and an exceptional user experience for our existing tools. 
Knowledge of programming languages, specifically Java, Python, Auto Hotkeys. 
Expert in online fraud and manual fraud review. 
Exposure to and understanding of varying merchant environments including past and current fraud trends. 
Ability to review and recognize fraud trends and behaviors and writing and implementing rules for SM Software based on those trends. 
Advanced knowledge of Excel and VBA. 
Experience in office process optimization and automation. 
Help Desk or Tech Support experience is a plus. 
Excellent relationship manager- able to liaise with both internal and external stakeholders and explain complex processes in a simple way. 
Excellent verbal and written communication skills. 
Ability to function effectively in a fast-paced, ever changing work environment with multiple priorities. 
Committed to service excellence by demonstrating proactiveness towards client needs and working closely with them to achieve their goals. 
Contributes effectively to achievement of organizational vision through teamwork, employing open communication channels and sharing information to achieve a common objective. 
Makes a positive impact by executing on commitments to consistently deliver results alongside building support, commitment, and respect from others by demonstrating professionalism, integrity, and expertise. 

Additional Information

Work Hours: Varies upon the needs of the department.

Travel Requirements: This position requires travel 5-10% of the time.

Mental/Physical Requirements: This position will be performed in an office setting. The position will require the incumbent to sit and stand at a desk, communicate in person and by telephone, frequently operate standard office equipment, such as telephones and computers.

Visa is an EEO Employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or protected veteran status. Visa will also consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with EEOC guidelines and applicable local law.

Visa will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with applicable local law, including the requirements of Article 49 of the San Francisco Police Code.

U.S. APPLICANTS ONLY: The estimated salary range for a new hire into this position is 57,500.00 to 79,200.00 USD per year, which may include potential sales incentive payments (if applicable). Salary may vary depending on job-related factors which may include knowledge, skills, experience, and location. In addition, this position may be eligible for bonus and equity. Visa has a comprehensive benefits package for which this position may be eligible that includes Medical, Dental, Vision, 401 (k), FSA/HSA, Life Insurance, Paid Time Off, and Wellness Program.