About the job
Description

Tyler Technologies Utah Enterprise is looking to hire a full-time Front-End Developer to lead multiple website and application projects. Experience using HTML5, CSS/SCSS/ SASS, JavaScript-based front-end web development frameworks, and API technologies are all required. You will work alongside Utah government agencies to design and develop websites, components, and online services. Some branding, marketing, analytics, and social media experience is preferred.

As a part of a small creative team, you will be responsible for enhancing existing and developing new websites and applications. You must have the ability to work in a fast-paced environment that includes aggressive release schedules. You also need a passion for web technologies and design, improving equity through accessible design standards and guidelines, solving complex problems, and taking pride in being the person that people rely on to get the job done! Ideal candidates have experience meeting with clients, wireframing and prototyping user interfaces, writing clean, accessible, semantic code, working with multiple data formats, and experience working alongside project managers and customers to ensure a successful product launch.

Responsibilities

Meet with clients and partners regarding website and application development
Mockup and wireframe designs based on requirements and business rules
Design, code, and implement new websites, or improve existing ones
Follow or create branding standards/requirements
Maintain and generate new ideas around the www.utah.gov website
Test websites and applications for accessibility and usability
Participate in gathering requirements and specifications
Integrate up-to-date social media best practices
Research web-based best practices, standards, and trends
Work solo or with a cross-functional team

Qualifications

Minimum 3 years of experience designing and developing websites and applications
A strong website portfolio: well-designed interfaces and sustainable codebase
In-depth understanding of HTML, CSS, JavaScript and DOM manipulation
Proficiency with multiple front-end libraries and frameworks
Proficiency in consuming data via API endpoints in multiple formats (e.g., JSON, XML) for use in interfaces
Proficiency in image editing and layout software (Adobe Illustrator, Adobe Photoshop, Adobe XD, etc.) for creating concepts, working with digital assets, and building brands
Proficiency with CSS Frameworks (e.g., Twitter Bootstrap, Foundation)
Solid understanding of graphic and interactive design with an equally strong focus on usability and accessibility
Knowledge of browser compatibility and testing across multiple platforms and devices
Knowledge of modern authorization mechanisms, such as JSON Web Token
Excellent written and verbal communication skills, strong problem-solving abilities, and an aptitude for learning new technologies
Strong organizational, prioritization, and multitasking skills
Desire to work in a fast-paced environment.
Self-motivated, creative, and strong sense of accountability
Familiarity with WCAG 2 guidelines and Section 508 standards

Why work here?

Learn important skills
Work with the latest web technologies
Impact government
Push the boundaries of digital government and interactions with its customers (like you!)
Small, startup culture - Where everybody knows your name!