About the job
Job Description Summary

The HTML Specialist exercises strong technical skills including an expertise in HTML coding, as well as a full understanding of web development tools and technologies such as CSS, Photoshop, and Dreamweaver. This position works closely with staff across the Marketing Department to assist in creating new and existing code for HTMLs to be used in university email campaigns. This position has the skillset to translate direction from internal creatives, clients, and staff into error-free email code, sometimes within tight timelines. While the Marketing Department home office is in Lynchburg, Va., this position is a remote, work from home position. There are a few occasions where HTML specialist will be required to be in the office/Lynchburg area which will be discussed after the job offer.

Essential Functions And Responsibilities

 Full knowledge and understanding of Web development tools/technologies such as HTML, CSS, Photoshop and, Dreamweaver. Specific knowledge of how to code for email is required.
 Strong technical skills including an expertise in HTML and ability to troubleshoot coding and application errors, able to articulate best email and HTML practices for the University.
 Assist in providing quality assurance for accurate email coding, configure link tracking when needed (mainly to correct Dreamweaver errors), able to pull reporting to glean basic send and deliverability information; upload HTML/Text content to email platform to ensure best performance in variety of email clients.
 Remain informed of existing and emerging technologies regarding HTML best practices and continually doing research while regularly analyzing what competitors in higher education are doing to engage their audiences. Educate others through feedback and presentations in key meetings.
 Exercise strong work ethic, superior attention to detail and advanced organizational, time-management, and work prioritization skills.
 Effectively able to work closely with marketing teams in coordinating and communicating content change requests and adhering to production schedules.


Qualifications, Credentials, And Competencies

A four-year college degree in Computer Science or similar field, 6 months' experience, and an in-depth knowledge of front-end coding languages (including HTML and CSS), Photoshop, and Microsoft Office suite is required. Effective communication both verbally and in writing. Ability to intuitively reason, analyze information and events, and apply judgment in order to solve problems of both a routine and complex nature.

Disclaimer Liberty University’s hiring practices and EEO Statement are fully in compliance with both federal and state law. Federal law creates an exception to the “religion” component of the employment discrimination laws for religious organizations (including educational institutions), and permits them to give employment preference to members of their own religion. Liberty University is in that category.