About the job
DMI is a leading global provider of digital services working at the intersection of public and private sectors. With broad capabilities across IT managed services, cybersecurity, cloud migration and application development, DMI provides on-site and remote support to clients within governments, healthcare, financial services, transportation, manufacturing, and other critical infrastructure sectors. DMI has grown to over 2,100+ employees globally and has been continually recognized as a Top Workplace in both regional and national categories.

About The Opportunity

DMI, LLC is seeking a Front End   UI/UX Developer (Senior)  to join us.

Duties And Responsibilities

 Design and implement responsive web application user interfaces using JavaScript/CSS/HTML5/JQuery. 
 Design and develop wireframe or prototypes based on requirements and validate the design with users. 
 Develop mobile and cross-browser compatible responsive front-end interfaces using latest frameworks like Bootstrap and Angular. 
 Work with the application team to make sure that the components are in compliance with UI/UX guidelines and Standards. 
 Translate concepts into user flows, wireframes, mockups and prototypes that lead to intuitive user experiences that are measured and tied to key KPIs. 
 Using high and low fidelity design tools, deliver the appropriate interface designs including prototypes, mockups, wireframes, user stories, user journeys, optimized for a wide range of devices and interface 
 Make strategic design and user-experience decisions related to core, and forthcoming functions and features that maintain a consistent user interface across all product offerings. 
 Take a user-centered design approach and rapidly test and iterate the design solutions. Drive and participate in usability testing, 
 Collaborate with other team members and department stakeholders including Business Analysis, UI Engineering, and Client Support. 
 Ability to clearly and effectively communicate design processes, ideas, and solutions to teams and clients. 

Qualifications

Education and Years of Experience: 

 A Bachelor's Degree from an accredited college or university with a major in Computer Science, Information Systems, Engineering, Business, or other related scientific or technical discipline. 
 Experience: 
 Four (6) years of experience in designing and developing web applications, mobile applications and cross-browser compatible responsive front-end interfaces. 
 Four (6) years of experience with web technologies such as HTML, CSS, Node.js, JavaScript and JQuery. 
 Extensive experience using the latest frameworks in JavaScript, Angular, CSS. 
 Extensive working knowledge of JavaScript, JSON, REST, XML, JSON, and scripting language. 
 Ability to create wireframes and prototypes using latest UI/UX products 

Min Citizenship Status Required: Must be US Citizen

Physical Requirements: No Physical requirement needed for this position.

Location: 311 West Saratoga Street. Baltimore, MD

Working at DMI

Benefits

DMI is a diverse, prosperous, and rewarding place to work. Being part of the DMI family means we care about your wellbeing. We offer a variety of perks and benefits that help meet various interests and needs, while still having the opportunity to work directly with several of our award-winning, Fortune 1000 clients. The following categories make up your DMI wellbeing:

 Convenience/Concierge - Virtual visits through health insurance, pet insurance, commuter benefits, discount tickets for movies, travel, and many other items to provide convenience. 
 Development – Annual performance management, continuing education, and tuition assistance, internal job opportunities along with career enrichment and advancement to help each employee with their professional and personal development. 
 Financial – Generous 401k matches both pre-tax and post-tax (ROTH) contributions along with financial wellness education, EAP, Life Insurance and Disability help provide financial stability for each DMI employee. 
 Recognition – Great achievements do not go unnoticed by DMI through Annual Awards ceremony, service anniversaries, peer-to-peer acknowledgment, employee referral bonuses. 
 Wellness – Healthcare benefits, Wellness programs, Flu Shots, Biometric screenings, and several other wellness options. 

Employees are valued for their talents and contributions. We all take pride in helping our customers achieve their goals, which in turn contributes to the overall success of the company. The company does and will take affirmative action to employ and advance in employment individuals with disabilities and protected veterans, and to treat qualified individuals without discrimination based on their physical or mental disability or veteran status. DMI is an Equal Opportunity Employer Minority/Female/Veterans/Disability. DMI maintains a drug-free workplace.

***************** No Agencies Please *****************

Applicants selected may be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. US citizenship may be required for some positions.

Job ID:  2024-26599