About the job
About the job
What Working at Hexaware offers:
Hexaware is a dynamic and innovative IT organization committed to delivering cutting-edge solutions to our clients worldwide. We pride ourselves on fostering a collaborative and inclusive work environment where every team member is valued and empowered to succeed.
Hexaware provides access to a vast array of tools that enhance, revolutionize, and advance professional profile. We complete the circle with excellent growth opportunities, chances to collaborate with highly visible customers, chances to work alongside bright brains, and the perfect work-life balance.
With an ever-expanding portfolio of capabilities, we delve deep into and identify the source of our motivation. Although technology is at the core of our solutions, it is still the people and their passion that fuel Hexaware’s commitment towards creating smiles.
“At Hexaware we encourage to challenge oneself to achieve full potential and propel growth. We trust and empower to disrupt the status quo and innovate for a better future. We encourage an open and inspiring culture that fosters learning and brings talented, passionate, and caring people together.”
We are always interested in, and want to support, the professional and personal you. We offer a wide array of programs to help expand skills and supercharge careers. We help discover passion—the driving force that makes one smile and innovate, create, and make a difference every day.
The Hexaware Advantage: Your Workplace Benefits
Health benefits with low-cost employee premium.
range of voluntary benefits such as Legal, Identity theft and Critical Care Coverage
training and upskilling opportunities through Udemy and Hexvarsity.

Job Description:

Role: SR UI / Angular Developer
Location: Mclean, VA (within 40 miles)
Day 1 onsite with hybrid set up.
Exp: 8 Plus years 

Strong experience in design and development of user-interfaces using Angular. 
Experience and good understanding of bootstrap CSS features. 
Ability to manage authentication and authorization within the web application. 
Have a good understanding of UX Standards.
Have creative capabilities on building modern layouts from legacy applications. 
Ability to quickly adapt to new UI frameworks, libraries, and standards. 
Should have basic Exp with Java or recent experience in Java.