About the job
Principal Duties And Responsibilities

 Own the responsibility for the full life cycle of web development design, development, unit testing and implementation. To
 Collaborate with Quality Assurance team to ensure proper testing and maintenance.
 Partner with product, design, and other internal teams to build a performant and user centric website.
 Embrace and Champion the use of web development best practices.

Position Specifications

 Degree or certification in Web Development, Digital Programming, Computer Science, or equivalent experience in a related skillset.
 3-4 years of experience with at least 2-3 years of experience in Digital/Web development.
 Strong proficiency in JavaScript, including DOM manipulation, the JavaScript object model, Object-Oriented concepts, design patterns, coding standards, and performance improvements.
 Advanced knowledge of HTML5, CSS3, and related technologies.
 Experience with TypeScript is a bonus.
 Experience with frontend frameworks and libraries (React/NextJs), to build complex user interfaces efficiently and maintainable.
 Ability to collaborate with your product team to identify problems and give technical recommendations on requirements.
 Collaborate with backend developers to integrate frontend components with server-side APIs to ensure smooth data flow and effective communication between frontend and backend systems.
 Experience with coding for all browsers and devices.
 Good knowledge of web layout and usability guidelines and W3C.
 Understanding of security principles related to web development.
 Ensure that the user interface fulfills accessibility standards, is useable by people with impairments, and adheres to WCAG (Web Content Accessibility Guidelines) 2.1.
 Familiarity with version controls tools, preferably Azure DevOps.
 Demonstrated experience in Agile development, application design, software development, and testing.
 Good interpersonal, written, and verbal communication skills.
 Knowledge of web integrations with Google Analytics, Google Tag Manager.
 Experience with financial services.
 Familiarity with CICD tools, Azure DevOps, container technologies like docker, Kubernetes.