About the job
Airbnb was born in 2007 when two Hosts welcomed three guests to their San Francisco home, and has since grown to over 4 million Hosts who have welcomed more than 1 billion guest arrivals in almost every country across the globe. Every day, Hosts offer unique stays and experiences that make it possible for guests to connect with communities in a more authentic way.

Host Calendar Mission and Purpose

The Host Calendar is a versatile tool that helps hosts in availability management and provide a customized view into their reservations. It helps host in revenue optimization by providing insights into the demand and market conditions around the calendar dates. It supports hosts in long-term planning and maintains control over their schedule and property usage. We strive to provide an efficient centralized calendar that helps in providing a holistic view of bookings to ensure consistency in availability.

The Community You Will Join

The Host Calendar team is looking for a Staff Frontend Software Engineer to help us craft the next generation of tools for Airbnb hosts. We create tools that help our hosts run their business, giving them insights to help them better price their properties that hopefully lead to better returns. As a Staff Frontend Software Engineer working in the Host Calendar team, you will help create the next generation of tools and features to help hosts run their business day-to-day.

Our ideal candidate has an excellent eye for visual detail, a pragmatic approach, and a proactive cross-functional partnership with Design and Product. The candidate has an absolute commitment to quality, is highly experimental, and not afraid to try solutions. If you are a fervent supporter of user needs and seek a role in a dynamic, teamwork-oriented setting, we invite you to reach out to us!

The Difference You Will Make

Collaborate with cross-functional partners such as Experience Designers, Product Managers and Engineers to design and deliver high-quality products. Build efficient and reusable web components and architect reliable, performant, and scalable solutions. Mentor, guide, advocate and support the career growth of individual contributors. Identify areas of improvement and drive best practices.

A typical day

Work with product and design partners to explore problem spaces and devise solutions to customer problems by rapid prototyping; Recognize technical challenges in the early stages and collaborate closely with the team. 
Collaborate with other product engineers and partners to develop Host calendar and availability functionality and surface insights / analytics
Work with Engineering partners, create technical and execution strategies for new projects and legacy migrations 
Hands on develop, working with teams on edge solutions to problems that come about when developing at scale
Passionate about UX: You have a keen enthusiasm for creating delightful user experiences for millions of users.
Maintain our rigorous engineering standards and instill consistency across the various codebases and processes you encounter.
Performing design and code reviews and advise/mentor other engineers at Airbnb.

Your expertise

Bachelor’s and/or Master’s degree, preferably in CS, or equivalent professional experience
9+ years’ experience developing Web applications at scale with a high volume of users with an eye for visual details
Experience with modern Javascript/Typescript libraries, Animation APIs and tooling (e.g. React, GraphQL); Fluency in HTML, CSS, and related web technologies
You possess strong product sense and a passion for UI and UX product development and can effectively communicate with non-technical partners
Demonstrated ability to proactively collaborate with Product Management, Design, Data and other Android, iOS, and Web Engineers
You’re passionate about continuous learning and innovation in the frontend technology and build web applications with web development best practices
Experience with cross-browser compatibility development and testing
Sound engineering and coding skills. Understanding of basic data structures and asynchronous programming.

Your Location:

Remote- USA

This position is US - Remote Eligible. The role may include occasional work at an Airbnb office or attendance at offsites, as agreed to with your manager. While the position is Remote Eligible, you must live in a state where Airbnb, Inc. has a registered entity. Click here for the up-to-date list of excluded states. This list is continuously evolving, so please check back with us if the state you live in is on the exclusion list. If your position is employed by another Airbnb entity, your recruiter will inform you what states you are eligible to work from.

Our Commitment To Inclusion & Belonging

Airbnb is committed to working with the broadest talent pool possible. We believe diverse ideas foster innovation and engagement, and allow us to attract creatively-led people, and to develop the best products, services and solutions. All qualified individuals are encouraged to apply.

If you need assistance, or a reasonable accommodation during the application and recruiting process, please contact us at: reasonableaccommodations@airbnb.com.

How We'll Take Care Of You

Our job titles may span more than one career level. The actual base pay is dependent upon many factors, such as: training, transferable skills, work experience, business needs and market demands. The base pay range is subject to change and may be modified in the future. This role may also be eligible for bonus, equity, benefits, and Employee Travel Credits.

Pay Range

$204,000—$259,000 USD