About the job
This job is sourced from a job board. Learn More
Job Description

Job Summary:

The In-house Web Developer will be responsible for designing, coding, and modifying the Classic Home website, from layout to function, according to the company's specifications. This role involves working closely with our marketing and design teams to create visually appealing, user-friendly websites that are optimized for performance and are responsive across all devices.

Key Responsibilities:

 Web Development: Develop, test, and deploy web applications and website, ensuring strong functionality and optimization. 
 Design and Layout: Create site layout/user interface by using standard HTML/CSS practices and integrate data from various back-end services and databases. 
 Collaboration: Work closely with stakeholders to ensure the technical feasibility of UI/UX designs and develop high-quality web solutions. 
 Maintenance and Updates: Regularly update website, implement new features, and ensure sites are secure, up-to-date, and optimized for speed. 
 Troubleshooting: Identify and solve technical issues, perform root cause analysis, and implement fixes and enhancements. 
 SEO and Analytics: Optimize websites for search engines and integrate web analytics tools to monitor and analyze site performance and user behavior. 
 Documentation: Maintain thorough documentation of development processes, code changes, and user guides for web applications. 

Qualifications:

 Education: Bachelor’s degree in computer science, Information Technology, or a related field, or equivalent experience. 
 Experience: Proven experience as a Web Developer or similar role with a strong portfolio of web development projects. 

Technical and Preferred Skills:

 Proficiency in Optimizely back end/ front end. 
 Experience with Optimizely, NetSuite, PowerBi. 
 Familiarity with database technologies such as NetSuite and PowerBi. 
 Experience with responsive and adaptive design. 
 Experience and understanding of web security principles and practices. 

Company Description

Classic Home began when founder Harpal Singh started selling handwoven kilim rugs, believing that authentically crafted pieces made with honest materials could transform spaces and reshape how people live in them. Inspired by the rugs, Harpal searched for other pieces that embodied his values of quality and authenticity, always reshaping and refining his vision for what inspired spaces could be. Thirty years on, our search continues as does our commitment to sourcing pieces that transform, complete, and most of all, inspire your spaces.

Classic Home began when founder Harpal Singh started selling handwoven kilim rugs, believing that authentically crafted pieces made with honest materials could transform spaces and reshape how people live in them. Inspired by the rugs, Harpal searched for other pieces that embodied his values of quality and authenticity, always reshaping and refining his vision for what inspired spaces could be. Thirty years on, our search continues as does our commitment to sourcing pieces that transform, complete, and most of all, inspire your spaces.