About the job
Country

United States of America

Location: 

CAG10: ALC HQ 1025 Cobb Place Blvd, Kennesaw, GA, 30144 USA

At Carrier we make modern life possible by delivering groundbreaking systems and services that help buildings, homes and the cold chain become more healthy, safe, sustainable, and intelligent. Our global team of dedicated employees continues to set industry standards by pursuing the latest research and developments to improve the lives of our customers. We’re constantly growing, seeking out talented, likeminded people who are committed to our primary duty: to be the world’s first choice in HVAC and refrigeration.

About This Role

We are looking for a dynamic UI/UX Designer to create easy to use applications and mobile experiences. The UI/UX Designer’s responsibilities include gathering user requirements, designing intuitive enterprise software and mobile user experiences, creating visual styles, and conducting research to inform and validate the user experience. To be successful in this role, you should have experience leading user research, software design, and prototyping as well as a portfolio of professional design projects that includes work with web/mobile business applications. You will lead the creation of functional and appealing features that address our clients’ needs and help us grow our customer base through a user-centered approach to product design. The UI/UX Designer works closely with a team including other User Experience Designers, Business Analysts, product stakeholders, software engineering, and external teams.

Key Responsibilities

Lead designs through the full product design lifecycle on multiple projects and initiatives from early ideation, to detailed execution, through launch
Facilitate user research, evaluate user feedback, report and document findings for stakeholders, and translate findings into actionable requirements
Manage collection of customer insights and gather data to deepen our understanding of user needs, behaviors, and mental models
Collaborate to define innovation activities for future initiatives and product ideas
Present design reviews and innovation concepts to cross-functional teams
Provide guidance and mentorship to other team members in UI and UX design best practices including Jr. team members, Co-Op Students, and interns.
Collaboration is key… Must be skilled in leading design discussions to foster a collaborative approach to advising stakeholder, requirements collection, solution review, and ongoing feedback.
Develop, document, and promote design guidelines, best practices and standards across product portfolio, working with stakeholders and product teams. Manage design pattern systems.
Perform out-of-the-box design thinking, collaborate with others, and make a difference every day!
Gather, inform, and evaluate requirements in collaboration with cross-functional teams
Demonstrate interaction and design ideas using storyboards, journey maps and prototypes
Design graphical user interface elements and build out pages and navigational components
Develop UI mockups and prototypes that clearly illustrate how products look and behave
Define complex data visualizations that communicate clearly to end users
Create original graphic designs (e.g. images, icons, and other graphics)
In collaboration with Product Management, prepare and present design solutions to stakeholders
Identify and troubleshoot UX problems (e.g. responsiveness, findability, administration tools)
Propose layout adjustments based on user feedback and research
Build a deep understanding of business goals to help drive results. Challenge the goals when necessary to align with user’s needs.
Evaluate UX effectiveness of current applications

Basic Qualifications

Bachelor’s degree
6+ years of demonstrated experience in UI/UX design

Preferred Qualifications

Up-to-date knowledge of design and wireframe tools (e.g. Axure, InVision, Sketch, Adobe Suite)
Proficiency in HTML, CSS, and JavaScript for rapid prototyping and development guidance is a plus
Engaged team player; strong communication and listening skills to collaborate with various stakeholders including executives, sales and support teams, and end users.
Ability to work well with ambiguity or when requirements are in flux
Proven experience showing clear understanding of the intersection between user needs, technology requirements, and business goals
Artistic eye for design and ability to think creatively while maintaining accuracy and attention to detail
Strong problem-solving and innovation ability
Excellent organizational, time and project management skills
An understanding of the latest design and technology trends and their role in a commercial environment
Experience working in an Agile/Scrum development process
Comply with the EH&S Policy and applicable regulatory and company EH&S rules and requirements
Report to supervision conditions or practices that are either unsafe or that may adversely impact the environment, to ensure prompt resolution of potential hazards
Attend scheduled EH&S training program
Actively support the organization’s efforts to meet or exceed EH&S goals and plans
Recommend improved EH&S practices

RSRCAR

Carrier is An Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or veteran status, age or any other federally protected class.

Job Applicant's Privacy Notice

Click on this link to read the Job Applicant's Privacy Notice