About the job
Description

Want to work with the world’s largest brands to build bespoke experiences across Amazon’s site, mobile app, and Fire TV?

We’re looking for a talented Front End Engineer to join the Campaign and Product Tech team. We’re focused on building bespoke landing pages and widgets for brands, supporting Brand Innovation Lab’s business.

We build creative ad campaigns and products that let brands stand out on Amazon by entertaining our shared customers, helping them discover something new, rewarding them for taking action; or helping them make better purchase decisions. Knowing that customers and brands have always-raising expectations of what advertising can be, we seek out opportunities to expand the canvas available to brands on Amazon, incubate new ideas, and provide the creative spark needed to fuel the long-term growth of Amazon Ads.

Technologies We Use Include

 ReactJS
 CSS
 HTML
 JavaScript
 Animation libraries (anime.js, framer, etc.)
 AWS CDK

Key job responsibilities

 Estimate the development of advertising landing pages
 Develop these pages
 Standardize popular UI patterns as re-usable components
 Improve our design system libraries
 Improve common utility packages
 Design and improve the APIs we call
 Use open-source and internal software to improve your team’s efficiency and quality
 Take part in our team’s on-call, which has a very low ticket load

A day in the life

A Typical Day Might Include

 Attend stand-up and share progress made and ask for help around any blockers you have
 Develop your project, raising pull requests along the way to get automated and peer feedback
 Provide feedback on your peers' pull requests
 Deploy your changes to production with CI/CD pipelines.
 Connect with business stakeholders to clarify requirements and share progress updates
 See your work go live across Amazon, exciting customers across the globe

About The Team

We are the engineering builders and leaders, that shape how technologies are developed and scaled to support the Brand Innovation Lab business.

We build custom landing pages and components, manage design systems, and critical analytics APIs to instrument all of these.

We are based out of sunny Santa Monica, from a brand new office in the Water Park business centre.

Basic Qualifications

 2+ years of non-internship professional front end, web or mobile software development using JavaScript, HTML and CSS experience
 1+ years of computer science fundamentals (object-oriented design, data structures, algorithm design, problem solving and complexity analysis) experience
 Experience using JavaScript frameworks such as angular and react
 Knowledge of agile development and best coding practices including peer code reviews, and unit testing

Preferred Qualifications

 3+ years of agile software development methodology experience
 Experience with common front-end technologies such as HTML, CSS, JS, TypeScript, and Node
 Knowledge of professional software engineering & best practices for full software development life cycle, including coding standards, software architectures, code reviews, source control management, continuous deployments, testing, and operational excellence
 Professional working experience with ReactJS

Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us.

Our compensation reflects the cost of labor across several US geographic markets. The base pay for this position ranges from $129,300/year in our lowest geographic market up to $223,600/year in our highest geographic market. Pay is based on a number of factors including market location and may vary depending on job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. Amazon is a total compensation company. Dependent on the position offered, equity, sign-on payments, and other forms of compensation may be provided as part of a total compensation package, in addition to a full range of medical, financial, and/or other benefits. For more information, please visit https://www.aboutamazon.com/workplace/employee-benefits. This position will remain posted until filled. Applicants should apply via our internal or external career site.


Company - Amazon.com Services LLC - A57

Job ID: A2713177