About the job
Our collaborator is an ambitious start-up that really wants to grow up. Located in Malaga, one of the best cities in Andalucia, in the South of Spain, you will be doing your internship next to the beach.

Their main focus now is to develop the start-up counting on you as a part of an international team in order to develop their website and social media to keep growing up.

If you want to join this passionate new project and be a part of their team, don't hesitate to apply now!

Tasks

 Help to create a new website
 Assist in the creation and management of social media, using:

Angular

IONIC

Requirements

 IT students
 Knowledge of the technologies mentioned
 Minimum 6 months
 English advanced

Benefits

 300€-500€/month depending on the candidate

This vacancy may/may not be available or may be a sample of vacancies we have had. To get updated availability and options, please, apply: APPLY

Malaga information

 Costs of living
 Weather
 Accommodation
 Getting your NIE?
 Getting social security?
 Getting a bank account?
 Malaga Holidays

Costs of living

The living costs in Malaga depend on your personal usage.

Rent:

Here is our sample pricing list:

 Single room in a shared flat: 300 - 500 euros
 One bedroom apartment: 480 - 800 euros
 Utilities for 1 month (heating, gas, water): around 75 euros
 Internet per month: 30 - 40 euros

Food:

 A basic meal, in an inexpensive restaurant: 9 - 11 euros
 Meal for 2 persons: 30 euros
 1 bottle of wine- around: 4 euros
 500 grams of boneless chicken: 3,97 euros
 500 grams of local cheese: 4,63 euros
 1 kg of potatoes: 0,96 euros
 1 kg of apples: 1,66 euros
 1 whole bread: 1,09 euros

Transportation:

 1 liter of gas: 1,30 euros
 A monthly pass for public transport: 37 - 40 euros
 Taxi per kilometer: 1,05 euros

Entertainment:

 Cinema tickets: 7 euros
 1-month gym membership: 31 - 39 euros

Weather

The weather in Malaga can vary depending on the season.

Here Are Some Examples Of Yearly Weather Forecast:

In Malaga, a city located on the coast of Andalucia, in southern Spain, the climate is the Mediterranean, with mild, relatively rainy winters and hot, sunny summers.

During spring and summer months (April - October), the temperature is starting at 11°C (52°F) in the early mornings and increasing to 31°C (88°F) in the afternoon during the warmest months July and August. 

During the Winter months (November- March) the weather is usually starting from 8 °C (46°F) in the mornings and increasing up to 20 °C (68 °F) during midday and the afternoons.

Accommodation

The accommodation costs for Malaga can vary depending on the location (neighborhood) and type of housing (room/ apartment).

Here Are Some Examples Of Typical Accommodation Prices:

A modest room in a shared apartment in Malaga will typically cost around 300-500€ per month depending on its location.

An apartment in Malaga will usually cost between 480€-800€ depending on the area.

After you are approved for an internship position in Barcelona we could also provide you with some tips in order to find the best suitable accommodation for you.

Getting your NIE?

Getting your registration documents for Malaga done is an important task!

Here Is What You Need To Do:

Getting NIE in Malaga for European citizens:

The main office in Malaga you need to visit, in order to get your NIE is located on Plaza Manuel Azaña, Nº3, their open hours are usually between 09:00- 14:00 from Monday to Friday. Indeed, you can get their using buses 11, 25 or you can also catch the metro line L1, which will stop you on station Carranque y Barbarela. However, if you are living outside the city of Malaga you can also visit other offices, the full list you can find here.

The Most Important Step To Take Is To book Your Appointment (cita Previa) Beforehand, To Do So You Can Use The Following link. After Opening The Link In The Drop-down Menu Choose Malaga And Then Click On Certificados EU. A New Window Will Pop Up, Where You Need To Fill In Your Personal Information, Right After That The System Will Show You The Available Dates And Times For An Appointment. Due To The High Demand For Appointments Is Also Possible That You Receive The Following Message:

En este momento no hay citas disponibles. En breve la oficina pondrá a su disponición nuevas citas.

Meaning that at this moment there are no available appointments. In such a case what we recommend is to visit the same website at 08:00 am on Monday morning when new appointments become available. However, if you need your NIE urgently or you are not able to book your appointment at all, you can also visit the office directly (we recommend that you go there around 06:30 in the morning, in order to get your number for appointment and wait if they will be able to proceed your application.

Getting NIE In Malaga For Non-European Citizens:

If you are a non- European citizen, but you will be doing a paid internship in Spain it is also mandatory that you get your NIE number. To do so you have to directly visit the Foreign Affairs department (Oficina de extranjeros ) as soon as you arrive in Spain or to apply from your home country in the responsible Spanish embassy. In Malaga, the office is located on Plaza Manuel Azaña, Nº3. You can use buses 11, 25 or metro line L1, in order to get there. The full list with offices in Andalucia you can also find here.

What document you have to prepare?

Before visiting the Foreign Affairs office in Malaga you need to prepare the required documents:

If you are staying in Spain for up to 3 months you need to fill in and sign the standard application- form EX-15 
If you are staying in Spain for more than 3 months you need to fill in and sign the application form EX-18 
You have to bring with you original and copy of your passport or identity card (for EU citizens)
Photos
Your Training Agreement (Must be translated in Spanish!)
A confirmation of the paid administration tax. The tax fee is usually €10.60, which you can pay in any bank using this form https://sede.policia.gob.es:38089/Tasa790_012/ImpresoRellenar. Filled it in and mark "Regimen Comunitario" Certificado de Registro / Tarjeta de Residencia.

Getting social security?

If your placement in Malaga is paid, apart from the NIE you are also required to get a Social Security number!

Here Is What You Need To Do:

What is Social security for?

Número de Seguridad Social or the Social security number is an important arrangement you need to obtain for the period of your internship in Malaga! The document will give you access to public health care and the opportunity to take a Health card.

Take in mind that in most cases they will not speak English in 99% of the cases, so if you cannot speak a word of Spanish we recommend that you take a piece of a paper with "Necesito número de la seguridad social" written on it. Then, they will create it for you.

All Social security offices in Malaga you can find here. Use the drop-down menu under "Localozación" and select " Por Provincia", then choose Malaga, in order to search click on "Aplicar filtros". Find the nearest office and visit them as soon as possible. Usually, your internship company will ask you to have your NIE and Social Security number arranged before or on the first working day of your internship!

They Will Ask You For:

Training agreement
NIE (passport is enough if you are an European Union citizen)
Rental contract (optional)
Original and copy of your Passport or ID ( ID only if EU citizen) 

Getting a bank account?

Before making your bank account in Malaga make sure to investigate the location you will be living and pick a bank office nearby!

Here Is What You Need To Do:

The bank office where you have made your bank account will also be the place that you need to visit in case of issues, questions, credit/ debit card picking or even account cancellation, so make sure that you choose an office that is easily accessible for you. Please note that some banks may even ask you to create an entirely new bank account if you what to change the office where your current account is located into!

In order to open a bank account in Malaga you need to prepare the following documents:

 NIE number
 Passport or ID (if EU citizen)
 Training Agreement
 Accommodation contract or any other proof of your address registration in Malaga

Malaga Holidays

There will be 12 public holidays in Malaga for the year 2019.

Here Is The Full List:

1 January (New Year)
7 January (Three Kings - Epiphany)
28 February (Andalucia Day)
18 April (Maundy Thursday)
19 April (Good Friday)
1 May (International Workers’ Day)
15 August (The Assumption day)
12 October (Spanish National Holiday)
1 November (All Saints’ Day)
6 December (Constitution Day)
9 December (Immaculate Conception Day)
25 December (Christmas)

Additional Info

Reference number: 2432
Field: IT, Engineering & Design
Stipend: 300€ - 499€
Other benefits: ---
City: Malaga
Cost: Free

back to top