About the job
Responsibilities

Kforce has a client in Armonk, NY that is seeking a Front End Developer. Summary: Are you a Front End Developer guru? Do you like interesting and fast paced projects? If so, Kforce would love to consider you for one of our top clients Front End Developer roles. We are looking for highly skilled candidates in the New York City area with ReactJS, Angular, HTML/CSS, Java, and UI/UX skills.

Requirements

 Experience with ReactJS, Angular, HTML/CSS, Java, and UI/UX
 To be considered for this position, candidates must have experience in a similar role, or they must possess significant knowledge, experience, and abilities to successfully perform the responsibilities listed
 Relevant education and/or training will be considered a plus

The pay range is the lowest to highest compensation we reasonably in good faith believe we would pay at posting for this role. We may ultimately pay more or less than this range. Employee pay is based on factors like relevant education, qualifications, certifications, experience, skills, seniority, location, performance, union contract and business needs. This range may be modified in the future.

We offer comprehensive benefits including medical/dental/vision insurance, HSA, FSA, 401(k), and life, disability & ADD insurance to eligible employees. Salaried personnel receive paid time off. Hourly employees are not eligible for paid time off unless required by law. Hourly employees on a Service Contract Act project are eligible for paid sick leave.

Note: Pay is not considered compensation until it is earned, vested and determinable. The amount and availability of any compensation remains in Kforce's sole discretion unless and until paid and may be modified in its discretion consistent with the law.

This job is not eligible for bonuses, incentives or commissions.

Kforce is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.