About the job
Starkey is a world leader in the manufacturing and distribution of advanced hearing technologies. We are in the business of connecting people and changing lives. Our teams come to work each day focused on ensuring people everywhere have the products and services they need to hear better and live better. Founded in 1967 by Bill Austin, Starkey is known for our cutting-edge hearing health innovations, industry-leading research and development, and not being afraid to push the edge of what’s possible. We are headquartered in Eden Prairie, Minnesota, have over 5,000 employees in 29 facilities across the globe, and do business in more than 100 markets worldwide.

Watch this video to see more of what sets Starkey apart: https://youtu.be/9cUYwTlCepg?si=wkovx8_R_iINfrc6

Job Summary Description / Primary Purpose Of Job

This position will assist in the development and support of Starkey’s internet web sites.

Approach and Deployment (What to Do & How to Do It)

Develop and support design of ongoing changes and maintenance of Starkey websites.

Develop and maintain web sites, using content management system, HTML, CSS, authoring or scripting languages, content creation tools, management tools, and digital media.
Direct and perform web site updates & maintenance.
Develop, design and edit web page content.
Initiate cross-browser testing, to ensure all external websites or interfaces work on all browsers and device types.
Work closely with Web Project Manager(s) and IT
Back up files/archival from web sites to local directories for instant recovery if needed.

Create or edit content pages using HTML, CSS and within Starkey’s content management system (Sitecore)

Develop & execute standard process in testing, approval, deployment and management within the content management system.
Establish/support industry best practices of site development within a CMS framework.

Develop rich web interfaces as well and interactive components – including Mobile devices.

Ensure sites are properly structured, meet industry standards and are compatible with browsers, devices, or operating systems.

Develop email templates for supporting integrated campaigns.

Develop, manage and deploy ongoing changes within our email communication system. 
Must understand industry best practices for email creative concepts, consumer behavior and other email specific standards.

Complete other interactive development as necessary.

Maintain working knowledge of current web technologies and programming practices.
Analyze user needs to determine technical requirements.

Results – Performance Measures (How To Measure Success)

Work accuracy
Completed project timeliness
Data/Analytics

Other Duties (Non Measurable)

Support Starkey Employee Corporate and/or Department Guidelines.
Check and verify quality.
Support corporate health and safety objectives.
React to change productively and handle other essential duties as assigned.

Education

Job Requirements

Associates Degree, BA/BS degree or full-time equivalent experience in web development required

Experience

2-4 years of experience developing UI using the most current code tools, methods & best practices

Proficient with XD/Sketch, HTML, CSS, javascript and responsive layouts
Experience working in Social Media, email tools and SEO
Proficient in cross-browser testing and troubleshooting

Knowledge

Knowledgeable in web standards and browser compatibility
Solid understanding of server-side web application technology
Knowledge of Adobe Creative Suite (XD, Photoshop, Illustrator and InDesign) and Sketch beneficial
Working knowledge of .NET, PHP and/or JSP/jQuery beneficial
Working knowledge of React, Node or AngularJS beneficial

Skills & Abilities

Excellent skills in web development
Strong understanding of UX design principles, multimedia authoring tools and digital graphics.
Experience incorporating new technologies into web design
Demonstrated ability managing multiple projects and meeting tight deadlines with minimal supervision
Ability to work independently and in a team-oriented, collaborative environment
Excellent creative skills
Strong written and interpersonal skills
Excellent organizational skills and attention to detail