About the job
Job Description

At Boeing, we innovate and collaborate to make the world a better place. From the seabed to outer space, you can contribute to work that matters with a company where diversity, equity and inclusion are shared values. We’re committed to fostering an environment for every teammate that’s welcoming, respectful and inclusive, with great opportunity for professional growth. Find your future with us.

Web Developer - Level 1

Why This is an Exciting Role:

As a Web Developer - Level 1 at Boeing Intelligence & Analytics you will be responsible for:


Utilizing REACT
Coding less complex websites using HTML, Visual Basic, or other web-based programming languages
Supporting website planning and deployment
Maintaining a functioning user-accessible website
Maintaining website technical documentation to assist with website maintenance and upgrades
Applying concepts, develops, tests, maintain and supports high-performance, innovative web-based applications
Using a variety of internet technologies, techniques and tools such as graphics software applications and object-oriented languages to create web page elements such as user interface features, site animation, special effects, databases, and e-business applications
Integrating new web products with existing web applications in order to improve the functionality or design of the organization’s website 


What Makes BI&A Different:

As a fully owned subsidiary of The Boeing Company, BI&A offers an optimal mix of a small company environment with exceptional opportunities supported by a large corporation.

Every day, Boeing Intelligence & Analytics supports global missions by building and delivering intelligence, analytics, and cyber solutions that enable users to advance national security. From hardware and software engineering solutions to analytics that keep this nation safe, we create value that meets users’ needs. With vibrant partnerships and innovative approaches, we serve the Intelligence Community through innovation and vision. We have provided our customers with the tools needed to counter evolve global and cyber threats, and to improve wartime decision-making.


Our talented employees bring software development, systems engineering, and advanced analytics expertise.
We offer numerous prime contract opportunities with customers headquartered in Maryland, Virginia, and the District of Columbia, as well as subcontract opportunities that align with our areas of focus and additional opportunities nationwide through our parent company.
We have current open positions on awarded programs across diverse customer sets and are anticipating upcoming contract awards with a 5-year life cycle and an additional 5 option years.
Our diverse portfolio allows our employees to move to other projects and teams as they gain further proficiency in their current skill set and learn new skill sets along the way. 
We offer hands-on access to cutting-edge technologies and a culture of technical excellence. 


Experience and Qualifications:

To be eligible for this demanding position, the ideal candidate should demonstrate the following experience and qualifications:

Required Education and Years of Experience:


Education/experience typically acquired through advanced technical education from an accredited course of study in engineering, computer science, mathematics, physics or chemistry (e.g. Bachelor) and typically 5 or more years' related work experience or an equivalent combination of technical education and experience (e.g. PhD, Master+3 years' related work experience). 


Required Qualifications: 


Active TS/SCI with Polygraph
Experience assisting with development & execution of test procedures for software components
Experience with generating & reviewing software/technical documentation
Experience working in an Agile software development environment
Experience using with Jira and Confluence
Ensuring quality control of all developed and modified software
Experience with the following software development skills:
React
Java
CGI
Visual Basic
HTML
XML
Desired Qualifications: 


Kubernetes 
Nifi


Telework Availability: Hybrid model approved, up to 16-hours per week (dependent on team)

Work Location: Annapolis Junction, MD

Summary Pay Range:

Please note that the information shown below is a general guideline only. Pay is based upon candidate experience and qualifications, as well as market and business considerations.

$121,000 - $143,000

BI&A is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race,color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.

Equal Employment Opportunity is the Law (PDF)

Equal Opportunity Employer:

We are an equal opportunity employer. We do not accept unlawful discrimination in our recruitment or employment practices on any grounds including but not limited to; race, color, ethnicity, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, physical or mental disability, genetic factors, military and veteran status, or other characteristics covered by applicable law.

We have teams in more than 65 countries, and each person plays a role in helping us become one of the world’s most innovative, diverse and inclusive companies. We are proud members of the Valuable 500  and welcome applications from candidates with disabilities. Applicants are encouraged to share with our recruitment team any accommodations required during the recruitment process. Accommodations may include but are not limited to: conducting interviews in accessible locations that accommodate mobility needs, encouraging candidates to bring and use any existing assistive technology such as screen readers and offering flexible interview formats such as virtual or phone interviews.