About the job
Dice is the leading career destination for tech experts at every stage of their careers. Our client, North, is seeking the following. Apply via Dice today!

Web Developer

PayTrace- Remote, US

What you'll be doing:

Designing, developing and managing the ongoing administration of internal and external marketing websites, as well as other marketing and graphical assets for the brand.
Design consistent website interface, graphics and navigation elements based on user experience best practices and business requirements for web and mobile platforms.
Develop website interface with responsive design and cross-browser compatibility for user-friendly experience.
Collaborate with business stakeholders to contribute to and design/develop from business requirements.
Work with developers and technology teams on website QA, testing and publishing process.
Create prototypes and mock-ups of web pages, graphics and collateral to support the marketing strategy and customer journey.
Create, manipulate, and update images for use in the website as well as other marketing collateral such as datasheets, videos, email templates, blogs, social media, etc.
Responsible for the final look and feel of the website and graphic designs.
Responsible for managing the Web server and website code in secure staging and production environments.
Responsible for fullstack website support, troubleshooting, debugging, other system integration management and ongoing maintenance.

What we need from you:

Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Cognitive Science, Marketing, Graphic Design, or Web Development.
3+ years of experience in a related Website or Web Designer role, with a strong engineering background.
 Experience building B2B websites in required 
Must demonstrate excellent verbal and written communication skills. 
Must be both self-motivated and experienced working and collaborating with teams.
Must be proficient in HTML, PHP, CSS, JavaScript, WordPress/Joomla or similar CMS, HubSpot, Adobe Creative Suite, Google collaboration tools, MS Office 365, etc.
Must be experienced in responsive web design concepts and constraints as well as iOS and Android mobile design.
 Familiarity with AWS or Azure cloud experience 
 Experienced with Linux/Mac OS 
 Familiarity with version control management systems, i.e. Git/ GitHub 
Expert understanding of digital design principles and keep on top of upcoming trends in web, mobile and graphic design
Innovation, creativity, design, and analysis skills are required
Excellent problem-solving skills and attention to detail
Video creation and editing skills are a plus
Experience in financial industries is a plus

Salary Range: $64,000- $110,000

Paywithin this range varies by work locationand on job-related knowledge, skills,and experience. We look forward to discussing your salary expectations and our full total rewards offerings throughout the interview process.

What we offer : 

We offer a comprehensive benefits package that enables our teams to live a life well lived, both personally and professionally. Some of our perks include:

 Medical, Dental, & Vision Coverage 
 Flexible Paid Time Off 
 401(k) + Match 
 Mental Health Support & Well-Being Program 
 Paid Maternity & Paternity Leave 
 Education Assistance 
 Company-funded Lifestyle Spending Account 

 Please note: North American Bancard is a US based company and no sponsorship is available for this position at this time. 

PayTrace by North. Payment and ACH processing, virtual terminals, and more.

Who we are:

PayTrace by North , your B2B payments experts, transforms financial and accounting processes to future-proof your business. With advanced payment automation solutions and a user-friendly API, they help B2B companies become more efficient, successful, and profitable. Processing more than $48 billion in payment transactions, PayTrace is committed to providing easy-to-use payment solutions and merchant services, with built-in PCI compliance and security, and 5-star service.

At North, we celebrate diversity and create an inclusive environment for everyone. We are an equal-opportunity employer.

To learn more about North and our family of companies, visit our website:



#Dice