About the job
Description

Are you inspired by invention? Is problem solving through teamwork in your DNA? We apply advances in robotics and software to solve real-world problems that delight our customers' experiences in ways we can't even imagine yet. Amazon Robotics is located in the greater Boston area, the epicenter of robotics innovation. Our diverse teams come from all over the world to design, test and build our dynamic fleet of robots and mechatronic systems. Having our offices, labs, test floors and factories all co-located means that we can design the hardware, write the code, test, build and watch it all come to life. This allows us to innovate quickly and on limitless ideas. Current advancements are underway in autonomous movement and mobility, artificial intelligence and machine learning, manipulation, simulation, robotic management software, predictive analytics, and much more.

This role is a 6 month co-op to join AR full time (40 hours/week) from July-December 2024. Come join us in North Reading, MA, or in our newly expanded innovation hub in Westborough, MA!

The Simulation Execution Analysis & Management Team at Amazon is seeking passionate and talented software development engineers to help build out our suit of tools used to simulate and explore new robotic solutions. Our team is challenged with high impact projects, including the evaluation of creative ideas that will pave the way for the future of Amazon’s fulfillment and delivery network.

We are developing AWS-based tools to automate execution and evaluation of discrete-event simulation experiments. If you are looking to get hands-on experience building utilizing the full development lifecycle at Amazon and utilizing the latest AWS technologies then this is the job for you. The ideal candidates have previous co-op or extensive project experience in front-end development utilizing REACT.

As a Front End Engineer Co-Op, You Will

 Identify and develop software solutions to current business problems
 Work with your manager and team to create milestones and deliverables
 Participate in daily scrums and reviews with development teams
 Develop design documentation and lead reviews with other engineers
 Write code and unit tests and integrate code with other software components
 Work directly with customers to test software prototypes and incorporate feedback
 Utilize Amazon Robotics and Amazon engineering tools, processes and technologies

Currently, the position is planned to be in the Boston, MA office.

We are open to hiring candidates to work out of one of the following locations:

North Reading, MA, USA | Westborough, MA, USA

Basic Qualifications

 Currently enrolled in college/university and must have at least one semester/term/quarter of school left to complete after the end of the co-op
 Must be eligible and available for a full-time (40h / week) 6-month co-op between July 15 to December 20, 2024
 Completion of at least junior year of degree program is required, graduating in December 2024 or later
 Working towards B.S. degree or higher in Computer Science, Engineering, applied math or other algorithmic-centric discipline
 Experience in one of the following languages: JavaScript/NodeJS, Python, Java, or C++

Preferred Qualifications

 Candidate for MS in Computer Science, Math or Engineering
 Front-end experience with Web frameworks such as React, Angular, and NodeJS
 Experience, knowledge, or desire to learn TypeScript
 Experience, knowledge, or desire to learn testing frameworks such as Selenium

Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us.


Company - Amazon.com Services LLC

Job ID: A2553551