About the job
Summary
We're thrilled to present a unique opportunity to become part of our expanding U.S. based research and development team, specializing in solar inverter system technology, supported by and leveraging the Austria Headquartered research and development organization. Our collaborative culture emphasizes achievements, constant improvement, and collective success, valuing the unique contributions of each team member.
This position offers a unique opportunity within a dynamic and innovative team environment. Join us in driving the future of solar inverter technology and elevating development capabilities across our organization.
The position of Front End Developer is responsible for design, development, maintenance and optimization of the embedded system’s web UI (User Interface) using Angular, creating quality mock ups and prototypes, and transforming mockups into fully functional user interfaces, design and development of web API services. This position reports to the Head of RnD Solar Energy.


Tasks and Responsibilities
Conception and further development of the Fronius Linux based software platform, with user interface
Design, develop, maintain, and optimize the embedded system’s web UI (User Interface) using Angular
Creating quality mockups and prototypes
Implement new features by transforming mockups into fully functional user interfaces integrated with API enabled microservice built on C++ based backend
Design and develop Web API and RESTful web services using C++
Collaborate with UX/UI designers to implement and enhance user experiences and ensure the technical feasibility of UI/UX designs
Collaborate with back-end developers to integrate front-end components
Collaborate to drive solutions that reduce cost, expenses, and time to market
Optimize site speed, scalability, and responsiveness
Cooperation in the agile SCRUM team using Jira
Utilize GitLab for version control
Provide mentoring to junior members of the team
All other duties as assigned by management

Requirements
Bachelor's or Master's degree in Computer Science, Web Development, or a related field.
Proven experience as a Front-End Web Developer, with a strong portfolio showcasing your work, 5+ years of experience preferred.
In-depth knowledge of the Angular framework and state of the art css-framework-tools, as well as experience creating RESTful services/APIs using C++.
Experience with C++ and familiarity with back-end technologies is a plus.
Proficiency in TypeScript/JavaScript for web application development.
Demonstrable understanding of UI/UX design principles and proficiency with design prototyping tools (e.g. Figma, Adobe XD, Sketch, or similar)
Experience working in an Agile environment, Scrum preferred
Ability to work independently and as part of a team.
Experience with version control
Limited Travel
Previous industry experience is highly preferred
English spoken and written

Health and Safety
Must comply with all safety and health standards established by Fronius USA, LLC and federal, state, or local requirements.
Ability to bend and reach, with repetitive motion.
Hearing, naturally or with aids
Vision 20/20, with or without correction
Physical demands of the job include standing, use of hands to manipulate objects, talking, hearing, looking, typing, walking, twisting, and bending.
Employees could be requested to lift, carry, reach above the shoulder, stoop, squat, kneel, and crouch.
Employees could be required to lift up to 50 pounds.
Employees will perform duties in an office environment and a field setting.
Employees will be occasionally exposed to tripping hazards.
The noise level in the work environment is usually low to medium.

We offer a generous benefit package including
PTO available immediately plus 11 paid holidays
Employer matched 401(k)
Medical, Dental, and Vision covered 100% for employees
50% company paid Health, Dental, Vision for your family
Employee Assistance Program & Mental Health Support
Short-Term and Long-Term Disability
Flexible Spending Accounts for Health Care and Dependent Care

Fronius USA, LLC is proud to offer Equal Employment Opportunities and committed to an inclusive and diverse workplace. All qualified candidates will receive consideration for employment and will not be discriminated against based on race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, disability, age, pregnancy, genetic information, creed, marital status, or any other consideration prohibited by law or by contract.

Are you ready for Fronius? Apply online now and become part of the Fronius family!