About the job
An Introduction to Codal

Codal is an award-winning web design and development consultancy that helps enterprise organizations solve complex problems and accelerate growth through elegant, data-driven digital solutions. Our areas of expertise include application modernization, eCommerce, UX/UI design, product strategy, data analytics, and artificial intelligence.

At Codal, you'll collaborate with some of the most innovative organizations in the world and work on cutting-edge technologies that push the boundaries of design and software development. You'll also be part of a community that promotes long-term success, not just for our clients but for each other. We'll help you develop a professional roadmap that takes your career to new heights.

Who you'll be working with

As a Front End Developer, you will be responsible for building user interfaces for web applications using javascript frameworks like React.js and Next.js and collaborating with cross-functional global teams to define, design, and ship new features. If you are passionate about technology, have a keen eye for detail, and enjoy working in a collaborative environment, we would love to meet you.

What you'll be doing

Develop new user-facing features using React.js.
Build reusable components and front end libraries for future use.
Translate designs and wireframes into high-quality code.
Optimize components for maximum performance across a vast array of web-capable devices and browsers.
Collaborate with designers, product managers, and backend engineers from multiple time zones to deliver compelling user experiences.
Implement clean, maintainable, and efficient code.
Conduct code reviews and maintain code quality, performance, and application responsiveness.
Troubleshoot and debug applications.
Stay up-to-date with front end technology trends and developments.

What you'll need to be successful (Requirements)

2+ years of experience building UI experiences
Strong proficiency in JavaScript, including DOM manipulation and the JavaScript object model.
Thorough understanding of React.js and its core principles.
Experience with popular React.js workflows (such as Redux or Context API).
Experience with popular styling frameworks/libraries (such as Tailwind, Sass, CSS in JS, etc)
Familiarity with RESTful APIs.
Knowledge of modern authorization mechanisms, such as JSON Web Token.
Familiarity with modern front end build pipelines and tools.
Experience with common front end development tools such as Babel, Webpack, NPM, etc.
A knack for benchmarking and optimization.
Familiarity with code versioning tools such as Git.
Experience with Figma is a plus
Excellent communication and collaboration skills.
Ability to work in a fast-paced environment.

Bonus Points for these (Preferred Experience)

Experience with Agile/Scrum methodologies.
Experience with server-side rendering and Node.js.
Experience with TypeScript or other statically typed languages.
Knowledge of performance testing frameworks and techniques.
Experience with responsive and adaptive design principles.
Experience with Atomic Design methodology

Need another reason to hit the "apply" button?

Codal is a global agency with over 200 employees, and offices in the US, UK, and India 
We regularly host happy hours, dinners, excursions, and other company events to unwind after a hard day at work
Office snacks and drinks + a fancy Bevi water machine with flavored water 
We offer Medical, Life, Dental/Vision, and many more insurance types 
Employer 401k match - 4% 
A recreational group that regularly competes in city leagues for softball and volleyball 
An office in the heart of downtown Chicago with a gym, food court, Walgreens, rooftop bar, outdoor sports court, and other amenities
Working hybrid for in-person collaboration and sprint-planning days

At Codal, we are committed to equal employment opportunities regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender, gender identity or expression, or veteran status. We are proud to be an equal opportunity workplace.