About the job
Role Responsibilities

Develop and maintain Shopify store
Customise UI/UX Shopify Design, migrating from Gempages 
Review and update relevant plugins and apps for Shopify as well as integrating with 3rd party platforms as required
Work closely with Insights/CX leadership teams to assess visual interfaces and feedback on feasibility within Shopify and help determine best approach for page designs
Review and integrate blog system into the site, optimising for performance and speed
Collaborate with SEO and copywriting teams to implement best practices around organic and SEO traffic


About Us

Nuvio is dedicated to helping individuals pursue their mental and physical potential.

We equip individuals with innovative, science-backed products and education to help optimize their health and unlock their potential.

We continuously improve by carefully listening to customer feedback. As obsessed users of our products, our founders deeply understand our customers and embody our mission in our own lives. We're committed to leading by example and building a community that believe in 'Pursue Your Potential'.

Nuvio is a lean, fast-growing team full of top-tier talent aligned on a mission and set of values. We believe in supporting each other's growth and valuing everyone's unique perspectives. It is important to us that everyone feels they have a significant impact in our team and genuinely enjoys their work.

We truly believe life is more fulfilling when you pursue your potential.

What Sets Nuvio Apart

We founded the company in June 2023 and within the first year of trading we have generated $9 million in revenue with a 25% profit margin. We project that we will achieve $30 million in our second year.

Despite our founding team being in our mid-twenties, we have achieved rapid success and believe we will become industry leaders, revolutionizing lives for the following reasons:

Our three founders have a track record of rapid success of over $30 million in cumulative revenue in our first 5 years of business despite being in our mid-twenties
We move faster than bigger companies as they have red tape and have a slow approval process due to lack of trust. Our team leads have decision-making autonomy through our trust, ensuring quick and effective decisions
We sweat the small stuff whilst shifting our focus away from any 'shiny object' that is not the likely optimal route to our vision
We very quickly consider many ways to approach any decision and act fast
We are driven by internal motivation. While others seek external validation, we remain focused on building our dream
We optimise for long-term money, not quick money
We test everything and don't replicate blindly
Someone needs to lead, why not us?


Nuvio Principles

 Accountability - considering the consequences of your contribution
 Resilience - finding a way to recover from difficulties
 Continuous Learning - adapting to change and viewing failures as lessons
 Passion - believing in and caring about the mission
 Open-Minded - valuing and listening to everyone's unique perspective
 Hardworking - approaching work proactively, going above and beyond


Requirements

Experience working as a Senior/Lead Shopify Developer
Advanced knowledge of the Shopify platform and implementation models
Customization of Shopify themes and custom UI/UX design
Creating Shopify Apps
Understanding of Shopify Markets
Advanced experience of using Shopify API's


Benefits

If our mission resonates with you, we'd love to connect. If we work together, we can assure that:

You will become part of our core leadership team as we grow
We will always value and listen to your unique perspective
We will trust you and give decision-making autonomy
You will learn from us, we will learn from you
We will fairly compensate you based on the value