About the job
Hi there! We're WebFX, a full-service digital marketing agency based in the US. We've been named the Best Place To Work in Pennsylvania 9 times in a row and we'd love to meet you! We are a fast-growing company that has doubled in size over the past 5 years, with talented team members now based around the globe (and representing 18+ different countries!). While we are growing at a rapid rate, we are committed to growing strategically and sustainably, and that starts with growing our team of the #BestCoworkers - that’s where you come in!

We're looking for talented professionals to join our Ann Arbor office location - home to the Nutshell team! Nutshell is an award-winning CRM and email marketing platform, and as of 2022, WebFX and Nutshell have officially joined forces. Our teams work together closely to provide the very best products and services to our clients, and we're on the hunt for people just like you, who take pride in their work and want to be part of a company that does too.

You Might Be a Great Fit For This Position if You Have…

A Bachelor’s Degree

Successful Nutshellers in this role have majored in computer science and related fields

GPA above 3.4

A Few Related Skills And Experiences

(This is an entry-level role, and experience in every one of these areas is not required - training is provided on all core platforms, tools, and technologies you will need to know! But the following skills/experience are awesome to have, and will help get your career off to a running start:):

Part-time/volunteer/internship programming experience is a must

Development experience in front-end web development —Javascript, React, etc

Working knowledge of modern software development frameworks, including server-side MVC (e.g. Symfony, Rails)

Strong background in SQL and relational databases

Background and opinions on HTTP API design—we’ve got a blend of JSON-RPC, REST, and GraphQL

Experience with unit testing and continuous integration

Any of these Signature Nutsheller Traits!

You’re passionate about web/software development - you even find yourself spending your free time tinkering and learning new technologies!

You’re committed to delivering high-quality software

You enjoy variety, and like the challenge of working on multiple projects

You’re comfortable working both independently and as part of a team

You take direction well, but aren’t afraid to take initiative and make decisions

You see yourself as a problem-solver, and face challenges with a can-do mindset

You put the customer and their goals first

You have an interest in the web and stay up-to-date on new and developing technologies

You are a professional, dependable, and independent worker with a solid work ethic

You’re self-motivated, thrive on challenges, and enjoy getting things done

You have an eye for detail and dedication to high-quality work

You have an exceptional level of follow-through

You possess excellent time/project management skills

You work with a sense of urgency and can consistently meet deadlines

You are an outstanding communicator and possess strong interpersonal skills

You are a lifelong learner who loves to grow and stretch outside of your comfort zone, and are always looking to improve your skills

If any of these sound like you, then we want to hear from you! We are committed to growing 1% better every day, and we believe working at Nutshell could quite possibly make your life 1(00)% better!

About The Job

As a Jr. Front-End Web Developer, you’ll team up with others in various stacks at Nutshell. You can hone your skills alongside a frontend team that writes for both web and mobile in React + React Native, while you build the GraphQL and cloud infrastructure that powers our app. You’ll work with the data we store in MySQL and Solr on AWS. And with our continuous integration and rapid development stack, you’ll deploy tested, peer-reviewed code to production on your first day.

Our technology stack includes:

PHP, Symfony, Nginx, MySQL, Solr, Gearman, and more, all running on AWS, managed with Ansible
React, React Native, Redux, and Webpack for web and mobile frontend tooling
Docker for local development
GitHub for code management and review
Continuous integration via Jenkins

What You’ll Get From Us!

As a product team

Nutshell’s product team offers the opportunity to learn from a smart group of teammates who support and drive one another to succeed. Today, our product group comprises nine designers and engineers. Some have decades of experience, some are just out of college with a CS degree, and a few have entered software engineering as a second career.

As a company

Opportunities to learn and thrive in a friendly, growing SaaS business
A commitment to an inclusive environment that supports our diverse team
A connection to Ann Arbor’s software and startup community through our network of friends and partners
A modern office located as an anchor tenant at Cahoots in downtown Ann Arbor
Flexibility in working modes and locations, as we regroup at our office, and support other distributed team members
The sincerity and commitment of an established company: excellent health benefits, 401(k) matching, an experienced leadership team, and a profitable, growing financial position
The opportunity to help thousands of small businesses each day
Trust and autonomy to ensure you can be the best version of you

Potential promotional path for Jr. Web Developer:

Web Developer

Associate Web Developer

Associate Lead Web Developer

Lead Web Developer

Sr. Web Developer

Compensation

Negotiable based on work experience

Potential additional bonus may be offered for GPA's of 3.8+ or graduating with high honors

Check out our culture on social media:

Instagram

Twitter

Facebook

You don't need to apply more than once even if you're interested in multiple positions - you can simply let us know! We consider all open roles when reviewing resumes and applications! 

Nutshell is an Equal Opportunity Employer, committed to providing and fostering an inclusive environment where all people, including women, minorities, LGBTQ+ and other underrepresented groups are supported, respected, and encouraged to excel within STEM careers. Our goal as an organization is to empower our team to achieve their personal best, bring people together, and provide equal opportunity to do so regardless of race, age, gender, sexual orientation, religion, physical ability or disability, or political affiliation. You can learn more on our parent company's website here !!