About the job
What if you could use your engineering and programming skills to make an eternal impact?

At Wycliffe Bible Translators we believe no one should still be waiting for access to God’s Word. Scripture is foundational for strengthening the local church and helping communities address issues of injustice and trauma, but today about 1.5 billion people still don’t have the full Bible in their first language. As a supported* web developer and designer your contributions will improve websites. Are you ready to join God where He’s at work?

You’ll make an impact when you…

Work closely with artistic, engineering, marketing and communications teams.
Provide design elements, write and edit copy, and prepare materials from artists and vendors.
Ensure that all elements, templates and solutions work across a variety of browsers.
Improve the quality of websites and other electronic content.
Provide design maintenance on websites, publications and applications.
Contribute ideas and feedback on editorial content.
Use HTML and art production software, manage a database of links and utilize information.
Facilitate incorporation and support of editorial content.
Manage long-term, theme-oriented editorial projects.

This job might be for you if…

You demonstrate the desire and ability to support corporate biblical and religious goals and participate in regular work-related spiritual activities without reservation (Spiritual Bona Fide Occupational Qualification).
You are legally authorized to work in the U.S.

You’ll thrive here if…

You are anchored in God’s Word and committed to your faith.
You strive for unity and collaboration.
You take initiative and pursue excellence with humility and confidence.
You face change with courage and curiosity as God opens doors.

Let’s translate hope together. Discover your next step: wycliffe.org/serve.

Job Location: Can be performed remotely

ABOUT SUPPORTED POSITIONS

Wycliffe Bible Translators is a faith-based organization, and as supported staff (missionary) you will receive a non-traditional salary (including benefits and ministry expenses) through the faithful giving of your personal partnership team. We provide extensive training and resources as you build your financial and prayer partnership team.

Non-traditional salaries are needs-based determined by factors of housing and personal expenses based on geographic location, including dependents and their ages, retirement savings, ministry expenses and taxes. Although salaries vary significantly and it’s not possible to provide an exact number for this position, a typical non-traditional salary for a missionary household is $42,600 to $80,982 annually. These salaries do not include your partnership-raised funds for health insurance, worker’s compensation insurance, or Wycliffe assessment.

10387