About the job
Job Description

We currently have a career opportunity for a Senior React Developer to join our team. This is a remote position, must live in the United States.

As a Senior React Developer you will participate in all aspects of the software development lifecycle which includes estimating, technical design, implementation, documentation, testing, deployment and support of application developed for our clients. As a member working in a team environment you will take direction from solution architects and Leads on development activities.

Perficient is always looking for the best and brightest talent and we need you! We’re a quickly-growing, global digital consulting leader, and we’re transforming the world’s largest enterprises and biggest brands. You’ll work with the latest technologies, expand your skills, and become a part of our global community of talented, diverse, and knowledgeable colleagues.

Responsibilities

Participate in technical planning & requirements gathering phases including Design, code, test, troubleshoot, and document engineering software applications. 
 Ensuring that technical software development process is followed on the project, familiar with industry best practices for software development. 
Develop applications in languages including… React, Node, Python, AWS
Demonstrate the ability to adapt and work with team members of various experience level. 

Qualifications

Passionate coder with 3 years of application development experience. 
Breadth of experience with …… React
Strong debugging, problem solving and investigative skills. Ability to assimilate disparate information (log files, error messages etc.) and pursue leads to find root cause problems. 
Experience with Agile/Scrum methodology. 
Self-starter who can work independently. 
Bachelor’s Degree in MIS, Computer Science, Math, Engineering or comparable major. 
Strong consulting and communication skills. Ability to work effectively with various organizations in pursuit of problem solutions. 

The salary range for this position takes into consideration a variety of factors, including but not limited to skill sets, level of experience, applicable office location, training, licensure and certifications, and other business and organizational needs. The new hire salary range displays the minimum and maximum salary targets for this position across all US locations, and the range has not been adjusted for any specific state differentials. It is not typical for a candidate to be hired at or near the top of the range for their role, and compensation decisions are dependent on the unique facts and circumstances regarding each candidate. A reasonable estimate of the current salary range for this position is $64,974.00 to $149,880.00. Please note that the salary range posted reflects the base salary only and does not include benefits or any potential equity or variable bonus programs. Information regarding the benefits available for this position are in our benefits overview .

Who We Are

Perficient is a leading global digital consultancy. We imagine, create, engineer, and run digital transformation solutions that help our clients exceed customers’ expectations, outpace competition, and grow their business. With unparalleled strategy, creative, and technology capabilities, our colleagues bring big thinking and innovative ideas, along with a practical approach to help our clients – the world’s largest enterprises and biggest brands succeed.

What We Believe

At Perficient, we promise to challenge, champion, and celebrate our people. You will experience a unique and collaborative culture that values every voice. Join our team, and you’ll become part of something truly special.

We believe in developing a workforce that is as diverse and inclusive as the clients we work with. We’re committed to actively listening, learning, and acting to further advance our organization, our communities, and our future leaders… and we’re not done yet.

Perficient, Inc. proudly provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability, genetic information, marital status, amnesty, or status as a protected veteran in accordance with applicable federal, state and local laws. Perficient, Inc. complies with applicable state and local laws governing non-discrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including, but not limited to, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation, and training. Perficient, Inc. expressly prohibits any form of unlawful employee harassment based on race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, age, genetic information, disability, or covered veterans. Improper interference with the ability of Perficient, Inc. employees to perform their expected job duties is absolutely not tolerated.

Applications will be accepted until the position is filled or the posting is removed.

Disability Accommodations:

Perficient is committed to providing a barrier-free employment process with reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or accommodation due to a disability, please contact us.

Disclaimer: The above statements are not intended to be a complete statement of job content, rather to act as a guide to the essential functions performed by the employee assigned to this classification. Management retains the discretion to add or change the duties of the position at any time. 

About Us

Perficient is always looking for the best and brightest talent and we need you! We’re a quickly growing, global digital consulting leader, and we’re transforming the world’s largest enterprises and biggest brands. You’ll work with the latest technologies, expand your skills, experience work-life balance, and become a part of our global community of talented, diverse, and knowledgeable colleagues.

 

Select work authorization questions to ask when applicants apply

1. Are you legally authorized to work in the United States?

2. Will you now, or in the future, require sponsorship for employment visa status (e.g. H-1B visa status)?