About the job
Job Description This Evergreen Requisition is intended for Interns who were an intern during the Summer 2023 season.

Job Summary

This role is responsible for developing, testing, and maintaining software applications. The role creates user-friendly and efficient software solutions that meet specific user needs or business requirements. The role works with various programming languages, frameworks, and tools to build applications that range from desktop applications to web and mobile apps. The role identifies opportunities to improve application performance, scalability, and efficiency. Responsibilities
Develops, and implements software applications according to specifications, using appropriate programming languages and technologies.
Writes clean, maintainable, and efficient code that adheres to best practices and coding standards.
Codes and programs enhancements, updates, and changes for portions and subsystems of end- user applications software running on local, networked, and Internet- based platforms based on specific requirements and instructions.
Performs testing and debugging to identify and resolve software defects and issues, ensures the reliability and quality of the software through thorough testing.
Uses version control systems to manage code repositories and collaborate effectively with other developers.
Creates technical documentation, including design documents, code comments, and user manuals, to facilitate understanding and future maintenance of the software.
Collaborates on software development projects with the engineering, sales, and customer services departments.
Supports internal and external software products; generates ideas for software innovation based on market trends.
Develops understanding of and relationship with internal and outsourced development partners on software applications design and development.
Participates as a member of project team of other software applications engineers to develop reliable, cost effective and high quality solutions for low to moderately- complex products. Education & Experience Recommended
Four-year Degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, or any other related discipline or commensurate work experience or demonstrated competence.
Typically has 0-2 years of work experience, preferably in applications engineering, programming, or a related field. Preferred Certifications
Programming Language/s Certification (Java, C++, Python, JavaScript, or similar) Knowledge & Skills
Agile Methodology
Amazon Web Services
Angular (Web Framework)
Application Programming Interface (API)
Automation
Computer Science
DevOps
Docker (Software)
Full Stack Development
Java (Programming Language)
JavaScript (Programming Language)
Kubernetes
Microservices
Microsoft Azure
Python (Programming Language)
React.js
Scalability
Software Development
Software Engineering
SQL (Programming Language) Cross-Org Skills
Effective Communication
Results Orientation
Learning Agility
Digital Fluency
Customer Centricity Impact & Scope
Impacts own work and acts as a team member by providing information, analysis, and recommendations in support of team efforts. Complexity
Learns to apply basic theories and concepts to work tasks. Disclaimer
This job description describes the general nature and level of work performed in this role. It is not intended to be an exhaustive list of all duties, skills, responsibilities, knowledge, etc. These may be subject to change and additional functions may be assigned as needed by management.