About the job
Description

Specialization in creating responsive and mobile first user interfaces for applications and websites.
To translate our company and customer needs into functional and appealing interactive applications.
Works directly with designers and copywriters to translate visual designs into functional code.
Will implement the layout, styling, and interactivity of our website.
Maintaining business ownerships of assigned sections of the website, developing relationships to ensure quality, integrity, continuity and streamlined messaging for impacted customers and business needs.
Assist in the training, deployment and production of web-based applications.
Develop applications using industry best web standards and processes.
Engage in strategic planning to meet business requirements within a fast pace environment.
Typically, we will kick off the work, the team will concept with the developer along the way for input.
May be parallel pathing the work while designers are creating the visual. We have days where we present progress and/or check ins.
But mostly will be working in a fun atmosphere where they can collaborate with creative leads, designers, and copywriter.
Will be working on projects and coding the experience.
Might have to fix bugs and work with our ops partners to launch something and make sure everything is working and connected properly.

Qualifications

Can code from scratch and not just use plug ins and scripts.
Strong HTML, CSS and JavaScript backgrounds. 
Can code motion and engaging websites.
Can jump in and is quick as we work in a very fast-paced environment.
A design background a plus and know how to use the Adobe Suite and Figma tools is a must.
Adobe Experience Manager
Figma is the UX/UI tools we use to develop the creative along with Adobe Creative Suite (primarily PS, AI, and some production/motion tools)
Worked with other creative teams that's a nice to have otherwise working in fast-paced environments and possibly corporate environment to understand brands.
Microsoft 365 Suite for comms and communication.
If they know or think about data structure and know how to build for reuse and a forward thinker and problem solver.
Must have a portfolio of work.

Benefits

Healthcare Insurance:  Synectics offers eligible employees and their dependents healthcare coverage through BlueCross BlueShield of Illinois. Eligibility begins on the 1st day of the calendar month following 60 days of continuous full time employment with Synectics. Premiums are subsidized by Synectics.

Dental Insurance: Synectics offers eligible employees and their dependents a dental plan through MetLife. Eligibility begins on the 1st day of the calendar month following 60 days of continuous full time employment with Synectics.

Vision Insurance: Synectics offers eligible employees vision insurance through VSP. Eligibility begins on the 1st day of the calendar month following 60 days of continuous full time employment with Synectics.401(k) Plan: The Synectics Inc. Investment Savings Retirement Plan. Synectics offers all employees who are 21 years of age or older the opportunity to invest in the 401(k) Plan on the first enrollment date that is at least 30 days after employment begins. Enrollment dates are each January 1st, April 1st, July 1st, and October 1st.

Technical Certification Bonus: Synectics is pleased to award its employees a bonus of up to $500 for an approved professional certification. In determining the bonus amount, Synectics will consider the cost of the test(s) for any certification relating to your current position, achieved during your employment with us. Only one Certification Bonus per calendar year may be awarded per employee. Only current, active employees will be eligible to receive this bonus. It will be awarded 90 days after the Synectics office has received documentation confirming the successful completion of the certification.

Synectics is an equal opportunity employer.