About the job
Position Summary...

What you'll do...

A career at Sam's Club offers limitless possibilities. It's a place where there's always an opportunity for growth, accepting new challenges, contributing actively, and reaping professional rewards for your hard work. Although we are a division of Walmart, Inc., the Fortune #1 company, we strive to create an environment where you can comfortably be yourself. A career with us means tackling the world's most complex challenges while promoting a kinder way of life. Our mission extends far beyond our club walls. Join us and you'll see why we are a global leader in diversity and inclusion, sustainability, and community involvement. From your very first day, you'll be empowered and equipped to deliver your best work .

About Role

As a Senior Software Engineer , you will be part of an Agile Team, exploring our Sam's Customer Service landscape. Your role involves collaborating with various teams, not only to develop but also to support the solutions you create. This role is centered around digital transformation, utilizing cutting-edge technologies

You'll really wow us if...

You possess 5+ years of experience with frontend development and delivery.
 Significant experience working with React web along with tools like Flux, Flow, Redux, etc. 
 In-depth knowledge of JavaScript, CSS, HTML, functional programming, and front-end languages 
 Strong knowledge of React fundamentals such as Virtual DOM, component lifecycle, and component state 
 Well-versed in a variety of React Native software and technologies such as Jest, Enzyme, ESLint, Mocha, Chai 
You have experience with CI/CD, unit and functional testing.
You have the quality mindset using shift left approach.
You're comfortable working in an agile environment, working collaboratively, and able to work autonomously.
You position yourself as a thoughtful and proactive partner to your colleagues and stakeholders.
You utilize your knowledge of computer science fundamentals (data structures, algorithms, and patterns) to create a best-in-class user experience.
You effectively align your work with enterprise-objectives and deliver measurable results that impact the bottom-line.

You'll make an impact by...

Developing technologically advanced solutions that make a large-scale impact and optimize the end-user experience.
Operating with a start-up mentality, bringing new ideas to the table, and inspiring those around you to do the same.
Identifying areas of opportunity, determining solution designs, and providing guidance to system and process enhancements.
Successfully translating requirements into technical solutions.
Effectively translating requirements into project parameters while working with agility from cradle to grave.
Helping cross-functional teams to solve for business problems and develop solutions that enable us to redefine a "best-in-class" customer experience.
Encouraging the project teams that you oversee to work collaboratively and to aim for insight-driven outcomes. 

The above information has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed in the role. It is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities and qualifications required of employees assigned to this job. The full Job Description can be made available as part of the hiring process .

About The Team

As a member of the of the Engineering group, you'll be responsible for evaluating large amounts of data as part of the ongoing effort to optimize processes and delivery protocols. You'll operate as a trusted advisor as it relates to efficiencies and best practices. As a senior member of the team, you'll be able to say that you work for the world's largest retailer and contribute to the development to best-in-class methodologies that impacted perception and drastically changed business as we know it.

Who We Are

Sam Walton opened the first Sam's Club in 1983 to meet a growing need among customers who wanted to buy merchandise in bulk. Since then, Sam's Club has grown rapidly, operating almost 600 clubs in the US. By offering affordable, wholesale merchandise to members, Sam's Club helps make saving simple for families and small business owners.

Benefits & Perks

Beyond competitive pay, you can receive incentive awards for your performance. Other great perks include 401(k) match, stock purchase plan, paid maternity and parental leave, PTO, multiple health plans, and much more.

Equal Opportunity Employer

Walmart, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer - By Choice. We believe we are best equipped to help our associates, customers, and the communities we serve live better when we really know them. That means understanding, respecting, and valuing diversity- unique styles, experiences, identities, ideas and opinions - while being inclusive of all people.

At Sam's Club, we offer competitive pay as well as performance-based bonus awards and other great benefits for a happier mind, body, and wallet!



 Health benefits include medical, vision and dental coverage



 Financial benefits include 401(k), stock purchase and company-paid life insurance



 Paid time off benefits include PTO, parental leave, family care leave, bereavement, jury duty, and voting. You will also receive PTO and/or PPTO that can be used for vacation, sick leave, holidays, or other purposes. The amount you receive depends on your job classification and length of employment. It will meet or exceed the requirements of paid sick leave laws, where applicable.



For information about PTO, see https://one.walmart.com/notices .



 Other benefits include short-term and long-term disability, company discounts, Military Leave Pay, adoption and surrogacy expense reimbursement, and more.



Live Better U is a company paid education benefit program for full-time and part-time associates in Walmart and Sam's Club facilities. Programs range from high school completion to bachelor's degrees, including English Language Learning and short-form certificates. Tuition, books, and fees are completely paid for by Walmart.



Eligibility requirements apply to some benefits and may depend on your job classification and length of employment. Benefits are subject to change and may be subject to a specific plan or program terms.



For Information About Benefits And Eligibility, See One.Walmart .



The annual salary range for this position is $117,000.00-$234,000.00



Additional Compensation Includes Annual Or Quarterly Performance Bonuses.











Minimum Qualifications...

Outlined below are the required minimum qualifications for this position. If none are listed, there are no minimum qualifications.

Option 1: Bachelor's degree in computer science, computer engineering, computer information systems, software engineering, or related area and 3 years' experience in software engineering or related area.Option 2: 5 years' experience in software engineering or related area.

Preferred Qualifications...

Outlined below are the optional preferred qualifications for this position. If none are listed, there are no preferred qualifications.

Master's degree in Computer Science or related field and 2 years' experience in software engineering or related field

Primary Location...

640 W California Avenue, Sunnyvale, CA 94086-4828, United States of America