About the job
Genesis10 is currently seeking an Application Programmer with our client in the financial industry located in Jersey City, NJ. This is a 12+ month contract position.

Responsibilities:  
Design and develop scalable solutions using efficient Design Patterns 
Identify improvement areas within the application and work to implement the same 
Flexibility in adapting to team requirements 
Ensure high quality levels in all deliverables 
Participate in mandatory training and cross functions across team 
Requirements:  
7+ years of overall experience in UI development 
B.E, B.Tech/MCA 
Strong hands on experience on Angular or related UI frameworks 
Hands on experience of Web Application development using advanced HTML designing and Java scripting 
Excellent communication and analytical skills 
Knowledge of banking domain preferably Global Markets, Financial Risk, Treasury, etc. 
Adept in handling the non-functional requirements (performance, through put, SLA etc.) 
Excellent aesthetic capability with UX designing and development experience 
Ability to work on multiple projects concurrently 
Understanding of all aspects of the application like rendering huge dataset, fetching data using HTTP and authentication 
Demonstrates enthusiasm and zeal to acquire domain knowledge 
Able to work efficiently in matrix organization, with India and USA leadership 
Strong understanding of Design Pattern 
HTML5, Javascript, CSS3 
Expert in Angular 
AngularJS 
Desired Skills:  
Ag-Grid 
HighchartJS 
NgRx 
Node.js 
Pay Range: $58.26-$66.26

Only candidates available and ready to work directly as Genesis10 employees will be considered for this position.

If you have the described qualifications and are interested in this exciting opportunity, please apply!

About Genesis10:
Ranked a Top Staffing Firm in the U.S. by Staffing Industry Analysts for six consecutive years, Genesis10 puts thousands of consultants and employees to work across the United States every year in contract, contract-for-hire, and permanent placement roles. With more than 300 active clients, Genesis10 provides access to many of the Fortune 100 firms and a variety of mid-market organizations across the full spectrum of industry verticals.

For contract roles, Genesis10 offers the benefits listed below. If this is a perm-placement opportunity, our recruiter can talk you through the unique benefits offered for that particular client. Benefits of Working with Genesis10:  
Access to hundreds of clients, most who have been working with Genesis10 for 5-20+ years. 
The opportunity to have a career-home in Genesis10; many of our consultants have been working exclusively with Genesis10 for years. 
Access to an experienced, caring recruiting team (more than 7 years of experience, on average.) 
Behavioral Health Platform 
Medical, Dental, Vision 
Health Savings Account 
Voluntary Hospital Indemnity (Critical Illness & Accident) 
Voluntary Term Life Insurance 
401K 
Sick Pay (for applicable states/municipalities) 
Commuter Benefits (Dallas, NYC, SF) 
Remote opportunities available 
For multiple years running, Genesis10 has been recognized as a Top Staffing Firm in the U.S., as a Best Company for Work-Life Balance, as a Best Company for Career Growth, for Diversity, and for Leadership, amongst others. To learn more and to view all our available career opportunities, please visit us at our website.

Genesis10 is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Candidates will receive consideration without regard to their race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or status as a protected veteran.
Desired Skills and Experience
UI