About the job
Responsibilities

Kforce has a client that is seeking a Front End Developer (Junior to Mid Career) in Austin, TX (onsite). Are you an amazing developer ready to work in a collaborative team? Do you want to have your voice heard in a small but stable and profitable company? Do you enjoy thinking creatively and constantly learning? Then you might be just who we are looking for! We are hiring developers to help us create new and exciting web-based user interfaces. Responsibilities:

 Front End Developer will be engineering lightweight UI components that scale well over time and meet modern web standards
 Transforming wireframes from conception to reality while collaborating with a team
 Building software used by some of the largest financial institutions in the world
 Continually improving our UI code base by contributing to code reviews and routine maintenance

Requirements

 Have a Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or a related field
 Love working in visual mediums and UI/UX
 Have experience with object-oriented programming
 Are a self-starter who takes initiative and helps drive the product design
 Feel comfortable working in a non-structured, agile development environment with short release cycles
 Are interested in financial technology

Helpful Skills

 Familiarity with JavaScript, HTML, and CSS
 Familiarity with any JavaScript Framework
 Familiarity with concurrency
 Experience interacting with a web service API
 Experience with website design

What We Offer

 A highly competitive salary
 A fun and relaxed environment
 Exposure to real-world projects and hands-on software development experience
 Mentorship from experienced professionals in the field
 Potential for future career opportunities based on performance
 Opportunity to learn about the financial services industry in the US, UK, Canada, Ireland and Australia
 Always stocked kitchen full of drinks and snacks

The pay range is the lowest to highest compensation we reasonably in good faith believe we would pay at posting for this role. We may ultimately pay more or less than this range. Employee pay is based on factors like relevant education, qualifications, certifications, experience, skills, seniority, location, performance, union contract and business needs. This range may be modified in the future.

We offer comprehensive benefits including medical/dental/vision insurance, HSA, FSA, 401(k), and life, disability & ADD insurance to eligible employees. Salaried personnel receive paid time off. Hourly employees are not eligible for paid time off unless required by law. Hourly employees on a Service Contract Act project are eligible for paid sick leave.

Note: Pay is not considered compensation until it is earned, vested and determinable. The amount and availability of any compensation remains in Kforce's sole discretion unless and until paid and may be modified in its discretion consistent with the law.

This job is not eligible for bonuses, incentives or commissions.

Kforce is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.