About the job
Airbnb was born in 2007 when two Hosts welcomed three guests to their San Francisco home, and has since grown to over 4 million Hosts who have welcomed more than 1 billion guest arrivals in more than 100, 000 cities and towns located in 220+ countries and regions across the globe. Every day, Hosts offer unique stays and one-of-a-kind activities that make it possible for guests to experience the world in a more authentic, connected way.

Airbnb was born with a creative spirit, and it’s one of the most defining parts of our culture. We use our curiosity and imagination to come up with unconventional solutions. These are the ideas at the core of Airbnb:

Our community is based on connection and belonging. 
Our creativity allows us to imagine new possibilities for people. 
Our responsibility is to all of our stakeholders. 
It takes a unified team committed to our core values to embody these ideas, and our fast-moving team is committed to leading as a 21st century company. 

The Location: Remote 

As an Engineer on the Users, Listings & Platform Client Engineering team at Airbnb, you’ll be collaborating with us to define, build and shape the future of Airbnb’s Users and Listings related product flows. The team is highly collaborative with its partners in design, product, data science, legal, and marketing to deliver features and experiences used by millions of people. We work closely with other engineering teams to ensure we build systems that are performant and configurable with architecture that's scalable and robust.

Responsibilities

Work with our engineering team to update our software to modern technology stack, resolve issues, and ensure robust systems with our testing frameworks.

Qualifications

4+ years of experience in front end web development

Experience with modern JavaScript/Typescript libraries and tooling (e.g. React, graphql)

Fluency in HTML, CSS, and related web technologies

Collaborating via code reviews and architecture discussions

Strong product sense and a passion for UX product development

Demonstrated ability to collaborate with Product Management, Design, and other iOS, Android, and Web Engineers

Education: 

College diploma or university degree, an asset.

Belonging & Accommodations:

Airbnb is committed to working with the best and brightest people from the broadest talent pool possible. We believe a diversity of ideas fosters innovation and engagement, and allows us to attract the best people, and to develop the best products, services and solutions. All qualified individuals are encouraged to apply. If you need assistance, or reasonable accommodation during the application and recruiting process, please connect with your talent sourcing partner.

Pay Rate Range: $63-$75/hour.

Benefits: Medical, Dental, Vision, 401K