About the job
Description

We are seeking a Front End Developer to join our team. This role is based in Los Angeles, California and involves working remotely. As a Front End Developer, you will be responsible for creating and implementing an array of web-based products using React.js, HTML, CSS and other languages or libraries. You will also be required to work with cross-functional teams and collaborate with team members to ensure the project's success.

Responsibilities

 Develop and implement user interface components using React.js concepts and workflows such as Redux and Flux.
 Translate designs and wireframes into high-quality code.
 Collaborate with cross-functional teams to define, design, and ship new features.
 Utilize a variety of markup languages to write web pages.
 Maintain brand consistency throughout the design.
 Develop features to enhance the user experience.
 Ensure the technical feasibility of UI/UX designs.
 Optimize applications for maximum speed.
 Design mobile-based features.
 Collaborate with back-end developers and web designers to improve usability.
 Use Atlassian Jira, Backend Development, Bug Tracking, Client Side Scripting, Cross-Platform, Ajax, CSS, Design, and Framework skills to develop and enhance the application.
 Keep up-to-date on emerging technologies.


Requirements

 Demonstrable experience as a Front End Developer for a minimum of 3 years
 Proficient in Atlassian Jira for tracking tasks and managing projects
 Experience in Backend Development to understand the full web development process
 Ability to use Bug Tracking tools for maintaining high-quality applications
 Expertise in Client Side Scripting for a seamless user experience
 Knowledge in Cross-Platform development to ensure compatibility across different devices
 Proficiency in Ajax for creating dynamic web pages
 Familiarity with CSS for website styling and layout
 Strong understanding of Design principles for creating visually appealing interfaces
 Experience working with Frameworks to speed up the development process
 Expertise in HTML for structuring and presenting content on the web


Technology Doesn't Change the World, People Do.®

Robert Half is the world’s first and largest specialized talent solutions firm that connects highly qualified job seekers to opportunities at great companies. We offer contract, temporary and permanent placement solutions for finance and accounting, technology, marketing and creative, legal, and administrative and customer support roles.

Robert Half works to put you in the best position to succeed. We provide access to top jobs, competitive compensation and benefits, and free online training. Stay on top of every opportunity - whenever you choose - even on the go.

All applicants applying for U.S. job openings must be legally authorized to work in the United States. Benefits are available to contract/temporary professionals, including medical, vision, dental, and life and disability insurance. Hired contract/temporary professionals are also eligible to enroll in our company 401(k) plan. Visit

© 2024 Robert Half. An Equal Opportunity Employer. M/F/Disability/Veterans. By clicking “Apply Now,” you’re agreeing to