About the job
Responsibilities

A client with Kforce in Jacksonville, FL is seeking a Software Engineer React Native II to join their team remotely. Some travel is required for this position. Summary: The React Native Engineer plays a critical role in delivering innovation and growth for the Banking Solutions business by contributing to the technical direction and execution of our mobile retail banking applications. They will be responsible for collaborating with a team of engineers to develop code that supports client's business goals, and for participating in code reviews to ensure code quality, performance, and security. The Engineer's technical knowledge and collaboration will help drive the success of our retail application projects and contribute to the overall growth of our company. Join us in shaping the future of mobile technology and delivering impactful experiences to our users. Responsibilities:

 Demonstrates judgment and flexibility - positively deals with a shifting demand for time, priorities, and the rapid change of environments
 Takes an ownership approach to engineering and product outcomes
 Action-oriented self-starter who can -roll up their sleeves- to get things done
 Excellent communication skills to work effectively with all stakeholders (internal & external) and make information-based decisions
 Penchant for excellence, both personally and professionally, demonstrated by intellectual curiosity, record of accomplishment, and reputation; shows strong attention to detail and implementation of best practices with an inclination for continuous improvement
 Ability to quickly establish strong credibility with team members
 Fullstack web development experience in React, Angular, and/or Node

Embodies and delivers the firm's values and culture towards colleagues, clients, and communities:

 Win as one team
 Lead with integrity
 Be the change

Requirements

 Bachelor's degree in Computer Engineering
 2-4 years of experience
 Travel percentage required 10-15% 
 Able to develop mobile applications within the Digital domain, ensuring alignment with business goals, security standards, and regulatory requirements
 Able to implement scalable, robust, and maintainable mobile application code that supports a wide range of financial services and functionalities
 Experience developing mobile applications for iOS and Android platforms, particularly within the financial technology (FinTech) domain
 Proficiency in React Native, Angular and Ionic Capacitor
 Experience transitioning a codebase from Angular Ionic to React Native would be a huge positive
 Knowledge of secure coding practices, encryption algorithms, and data protection mechanisms relevant to handling sensitive financial data in mobile applications
 Familiarity with APIs, and microservices architecture, enabling seamless integration between apps and backend systems
 Understanding of financial services industry regulations, compliance requirements (e.g., GDPR, PCI DSS), and security standards related to mobile app development
 Experience working on FinTech projects such as mobile banking apps, investment platforms, payment gateways, or financial analytics tools, with a focus on usability, security, and innovation

The pay range is the lowest to highest compensation we reasonably in good faith believe we would pay at posting for this role. We may ultimately pay more or less than this range. Employee pay is based on factors like relevant education, qualifications, certifications, experience, skills, seniority, location, performance, union contract and business needs. This range may be modified in the future.

We offer comprehensive benefits including medical/dental/vision insurance, HSA, FSA, 401(k), and life, disability & ADD insurance to eligible employees. Salaried personnel receive paid time off. Hourly employees are not eligible for paid time off unless required by law. Hourly employees on a Service Contract Act project are eligible for paid sick leave.

Note: Pay is not considered compensation until it is earned, vested and determinable. The amount and availability of any compensation remains in Kforce's sole discretion unless and until paid and may be modified in its discretion consistent with the law.

This job is not eligible for bonuses, incentives or commissions.

Kforce is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.