About the job
Netflix is one of the world’s leading entertainment services with 278 million paid memberships in over 190 countries enjoying TV series, films and games across a wide variety of genres and languages. Members can play, pause and resume watching as much as they want, anytime, anywhere, and can change their plans at any time.

The Role

It’s An Amazing Time To Be Joining Netflix As We Continue To Transform Entertainment. At Netflix, We Want To Entertain The World. To Achieve This, We Must Be Able To Rapidly Build And Ship Innovative Experiences For Our Members And Creators All Around The Globe. The Software You Help Build Will Be The Front Door For Engineering At Netflix. Join Us And Be a Part Of Transforming The Developer Experience At Netflix, Where Your Contributions Will Accelerate Developer Productivity And Significantly Improve Software Quality Across Our Global Platform. Your Day-to-Day

Work cross-functionally to build new services, tools, and data models to improve developer productivity across all of Netflix engineering.
Participate in product and design reviews, providing technical insight. Help scope, estimate, and prioritize between conflicting needs.
Regularly learn and evaluate new technologies and approaches to streamline and improve our rapid application development tooling and conventions.
Participate in our on-call rotation and contribute to incident reviews and remediation.
Invest your experience in the growth and development of earlier career talent.

You May Enjoy Working With Us If You

Are curious about product experiences and motivated to understand how our work impacts engineering users across the organization.
Love brainstorming with fellow Backend and UI engineers, product designers, product managers, and directly with our users to understand what they want, figure out what they really need, and finally, what we should build.
Can deliver top-tier solutions with minimal guidance. You also recognize when you're wrong, learn from your mistakes, share them with others and grow from them.
Are selfless and willing to flex across the stack or into a new domain to help a teammate when needed, never thinking “that’s someone else’s job”.
Strive to embrace best practices and are always searching for opportunities to continually improve.

We Would Love To Work With You If You

Are an excellent communicator and collaborator across a cross-functional team of stunning colleagues. You’re able to work independently but thrive when working with an incredible team.
Are adept at building client-side applications using React and TypeScript and have strong experience in designing and implementing GraphQL schemas.
Have a strong understanding of UX/UI design principles and a passion for creating intuitive user interfaces.
Have a product mindset that is deeply empathetic to customer needs, strategic in orientation, and metrics and outcomes-driven.
Are comfortable working with ambiguity and adapting to changing requirements, with a proactive bias towards action.

Our compensation structure consists solely of an annual salary; we do not have bonuses. You choose each year how much of your compensation you want in salary versus stock options. To determine your personal top of market compensation, we rely on market indicators and consider your specific job family, background, skills, and experience to determine your compensation in the market range. The range for this role is $100,000 - $720,000. Netflix provides comprehensive benefits including Health Plans, Mental Health support, a 401(k) Retirement Plan with employer match, Stock Option Program, Disability Programs, Health Savings and Flexible Spending Accounts, Family-forming benefits, and Life and Serious Injury Benefits. We also offer paid leave of absence programs. Full-time hourly employees accrue 35 days annually for paid time off to be used for vacation, holidays, and sick paid time off. Full-time salaried employees are immediately entitled to flexible time off. See more detail about our Benefits here. Netflix is a unique culture and environment. Learn more here.

We are an equal-opportunity employer and celebrate diversity, recognizing that diversity of thought and background builds stronger teams. We approach diversity and inclusion seriously and thoughtfully. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, ancestry, national origin, caste, sex, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity or expression, age, disability, medical condition, pregnancy, genetic makeup, marital status, or military service.

Job is open for no less than 20 days and will be removed when the position is filled.