About the job
Req ID: 285740

NTT DATA Services strives to hire exceptional, innovative and passionate individuals who want to grow with us. If you want to be part of an inclusive, adaptable, and forward-thinking organization, apply now.

We are currently seeking a AEM Front End Sr - REMOTE to join our team in Plano, Texas (US-TX), United States (US).

 Who we are: 

NTT DATA America strives to hire exceptional, innovative and passionate individuals who want to grow with us. Launch by NTT DATA is the culmination of the company’s strategy to acquire and integrate the skills, experience, and technology of leading digital companies, backed by NTT DATA’s core capabilities, global reach, and depth.

 How You’ll Help Us: 

Our clients need digital solutions that will transform their business so they can succeed in today’s hypercompetitive marketplace. As a team member in our Digital Experience practice, you will make these digital solutions come to life. You will routinely deliver elite solutions to clients that will impact their products, customers, and services.

 How We Will Help You: 

Joining our Digital Experience practice is not only a job, but a chance to grow your career. We will make sure to equip you with the skills you need to produce robust applications that you can be proud of. Whether it is providing you with training on a new programming language or helping you get certified in a new technology, we will help you grow your skills so you can continue to deliver increasingly valuable work.

 Once You Are Here, You Will: 

 Design and implement solutions leveraging AEM Sites 
 Develop digital consumer experiences based on foundation of the AEM product suite, including AEM, CRX, and DAM 
 Translate marketing and web site needs into AEM specific recommendations and solutions 
 Leverage AEM, other state-of-the-art technologies, and integration patterns to solve cross-departmental challenges 
 Work in an agile, rapid development, and prototyping environment 
 Drive project scope and timeline definition based on collaborative needs assessments 
 Design and improve internal development methodologies around Adobe AEM solution 
 Propose technology solutions to enable the business to meet/exceed those goals. 
 Manage SDLC processes and associated artifacts. 
 Design and code from specifications, analyzes, evaluates, tests, debugs, documents, and implements complex software apps. 
 Create and integrate content-driven applications on top of AEMs core platform and integrate with E-commerce solutions and search engines. 
 Lead technology teams to build and maintain web applications using Adobe’s Experience Manager CMS to include site architecture, custom components, workflow development, Digital Asset Management (DAM). 
 Integrate websites with web analytics tools and analyze/report on analytics data 
 Contribute to Presales ,solutioning and estimation 
 Work with stakeholder to gather the requirements 
 Delivering a complete front end application 
 Writing tested, idiomatic, and documented JavaScript, HTML and CSS 
 Cooperating with the back-end developer in the process of building the RESTful API 
 Communicating with external web services 
 Working with clients to develop the overall look and design of a website 
 Producing, maintaining and modifying websites and user interfaces 
 Ensuring websites are accessible across many platforms, including laptops and smartphones 
 Fixing any website issues or bugs that arise 

 Requirements Qualifications: 

 6+ years of development experience in Java – J2EE and JavaScript 
 5+ years of experience developing solutions Adobe Experience Manager with knowledge of Templates, Layouts, components, APIs (OSGI) 
 2+ years of experience and expertise with DevOps pipelines for CMS projects 
 3+ years of experience working on cloud platforms - AWS or Azure. Experience with AWS will be a plus 
 5+ years’ Experience with Agile Product/ Project Delivery 
 10+ Years’ experience in frontend development. 
 5+ Years’ experience & expertise in frontend development using React JS, HTML5, CSS3 and Responsive web application development. 

 Preferred: 

 Experience with browser-based debugging and performance testing frameworks like Mocha and Jest. 
 Experience/knowledge of other Java script frameworks like Angular, Ionic, React Native and Flutter. 
 Knowledge and understanding of distributed, reliable, and fault tolerant systems 
 Good knowledge & experience of REACT tools including React.js, Webpack, Enzyme, Redux, and Flux. 
 Developing and implementing frontend architecture to support user interface concepts that conforms to design models based on industry best-practices. 
 Must have the experience in Rest API integrations 
 Build & Packaging Process, Deployment Build and Release documentation and post-production Support. 
 Experience with test-driven design & development, unit and integration testing, CI/CD. 
 Development and execution of unit test scripts. 
 Understanding of requirements, dependencies, and timelines. 
 Understanding and documenting the new technology requirements, doing Spikes/POCs. 
 Estimation of User Stories in a backlog. 
 Developing Innovative and reusable components. 
 Tracking/Updating progress of code development using process management tools like Atlassian JIRA. 
 Adherence to committed delivery timelines. 
 Experience working in Agile and DevOps model. 
 Collaboration with the team members in a distributed structure. 
 Mentoring of junior team members. 
 Experience working with AEM Sites 6.4 
 Experience implementing technical solutions for B2B websites 
 Experience in multi-lingual sites, multi-lingual translation, and content localization solutions 
 Experience in working in Adobe Campaigns, Target , analytics and Adobe DAM 
 Familiarity with Google Analytics and Google Tag Manager 
 Experience and desire to work within a fast-paced, iterative development environment, experience with Agile a strong plus 
 Experience with working on AWS cloud and DevOps implementation 
 Strong written and verbal communication skills 

Applications should include a resume.

 Only include for US Based positions

Must reside in the US

Where required by law, NTT DATA provides a reasonable range of compensation for specific roles. The starting pay range for this remote role is $90,400.00-$188,300.00. This range reflects the minimum and maximum target compensation for the position across all US locations. Actual compensation will depend on a number of factors, including the candidate’s actual work location, relevant experience, technical skills, and other qualifications.

This position is eligible for company benefits including medical, dental, and vision insurance with an employer contribution, flexible spending or health savings account, life and AD&D insurance, short and long term disability coverage, paid time off, employee assistance, participation in a 401k program with company match, and additional voluntary or legally-required benefits.

#LaunchJobs #LaunchEngineering

About

 About NTT DATA 

NTT DATA is a $30+ billion trusted global innovator of business and technology services. We serve 75% of the Fortune Global 100 and are committed to helping clients innovate, optimize and transform for long term success. We invest over $3.6 billion each year in R&D to help organizations and society move confidently and sustainably into the digital future. As a Global Top Employer, we have diverse experts in more than 50 countries and a robust partner ecosystem of established and start-up companies. Our services include business and technology consulting, data and artificial intelligence, industry solutions, as well as the development, implementation and management of applications, infrastructure, and connectivity. We are also one of the leading providers of digital and AI infrastructure, and connectivity. We are also one of the leading providers of digital and AI infrastructure in the world. NTT DATA is part of NTT Group and headquartered in Tokyo. Visit us at nttdata.com

 NTT DATA Services is an equal opportunity employer and considers all applicants without regarding to race, color, religion, citizenship, national origin, ancestry, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, physical or mental disability, veteran or marital status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We are committed to creating a diverse and inclusive environment for all employees. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, please inform your recruiter so that we may connect you with the appropriate team. 

#LaunchJobs

#LaunchEngineering

About NTT DATA Services

NTT DATA Services is a recognized leader in IT and business services, including cloud, data and applications, headquartered in Texas. As part of NTT DATA, a $30 billion trusted global innovator with a combined global reach of over 80 countries, we help clients transform through business and technology consulting, industry and digital solutions, applications development and management, managed edge-to-cloud infrastructure services, BPO, systems integration and global data centers. We are committed to our clients’ long-term success. Visit nttdata.com or LinkedIn to learn more.

 NTT DATA Services is an equal opportunity employer and considers all applicants without regarding to race, color, religion, citizenship, national origin, ancestry, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, physical or mental disability, veteran or marital status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We are committed to creating a diverse and inclusive environment for all employees. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, please inform your recruiter so that we may connect you with the appropriate team.