About the job
Responsibilities

Kforce has a client that is seeking a Front End Developer in Springfield, MA. Summary: We are seeking a talented Front End Developer to join our team. In this role, you will blend your software development expertise with DevOps practices to streamline and enhance our development processes. You will work closely with various teams to build and maintain CI/CD pipelines, develop and document robust APIs, and ensure seamless integration across our platforms.

Requirements

 Proficiency in NodeJS, TypeScript, and REST
 Experience with Postgres or SQL Server
 Familiarity with Backstage and CI/CD processes
 Proven experience in building APIs and codebases for team consumption
 Strong technical documentation skills
 Knowledge of .NET, Python, Java, or other languages is a plus
 Experience in building CI/CD pipelines is a plus

The pay range is the lowest to highest compensation we reasonably in good faith believe we would pay at posting for this role. We may ultimately pay more or less than this range. Employee pay is based on factors like relevant education, qualifications, certifications, experience, skills, seniority, location, performance, union contract and business needs. This range may be modified in the future.

We offer comprehensive benefits including medical/dental/vision insurance, HSA, FSA, 401(k), and life, disability & ADD insurance to eligible employees. Salaried personnel receive paid time off. Hourly employees are not eligible for paid time off unless required by law. Hourly employees on a Service Contract Act project are eligible for paid sick leave.

Note: Pay is not considered compensation until it is earned, vested and determinable. The amount and availability of any compensation remains in Kforce's sole discretion unless and until paid and may be modified in its discretion consistent with the law.

This job is not eligible for bonuses, incentives or commissions.

Kforce is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.